






























































Abercrombie & Fitch Co.

Abercrombie s    Fitch
abercrombie
kids
GILLY HICKS
SOfiłAL




2022 ANNUAL REPORT


OUR BRANDS
Abercrombie & Fitch Co. is a global, digitally-led omnichannel retailer of apparel and accessories 
for men, women and kids through five global brands. The brands share a commitment to offering 
products of enduring quality and exceptional comfort that allow consumers around the world to 
express their own individuality and style. Abercrombie & Fitch Co. operates approximately 762 
stores under these brands across North America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East, as well as the 
e-commerce sites.




Abercrombie & Fitch believes that every day should feel as exceptional as the start of the long 
weekend. Since 1892, the brand has been a specialty retailer of quality apparel, outerwear and 
fragrance - designed to inspire our global customers to feel confident, be comfortable and face 
their Fierce.






A global specialty retailer of quality, comfortable, made-to-play favorites, abercrombie kids sees 
the world through kids' eyes, where play is life and every day is an opportunity to be anything and 
better everything.





The quintessential apparel brand of the global teen consumer, Hollister Co. believes in liberating 
the spirit of an endless summer inside everyone. At Hollister, summer isn't just a season, it's a 
state of mind. Hollister creates carefree style designed to make all teens feel celebrated and 
comfortable in their own skin, so they can live in a summer mindset all year long, whatever the 
season.





At Gilly Hicks, we know that 10 minutes of activity a day can lead to a happier life.  That's why 
we offer active lifestyle products to help Gen Z customers create happiness through movement.






Social Tourist is the creative vision of Hollister and social media personalities Dixie and Charli 
D'Amelio. The lifestyle brand creates trend-forward apparel that allows brand lovers to experiment 
with their style, while exploring the duality of who they are both on social media and in real 
life.



Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                        2                    
                                               2022 Annual Report




2022 ANNUAL REPORT


A NOTE FROM FRAN


TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,


In  reflecting  on  2022,  another  year  filled  with complexity for our industry, I would like to 
thank our global   associates   and   partners   for   once   again stepping  up  to  deliver  
solid  results,  while  making progress against our long-term strategic priorities.

As we faced continued uncertainty with geopolitical disruption and inflationary impacts, our focus 
was simple – control what we could control. With that mindset, our team remained agile and pivoted 
our investments to optimize sales growth, operating margin and inventory. These efforts helped 
drive sequential sales improvement in the second half of the year, while we made progress on key 
growth initiatives across digital, technology and stores. For the year, we achieved net sales of 
$3.7 billion, approximately flat on a reported basis and growth of 2% on a constant currency basis, 
growth in AUR and net store count and a 4% reduction in inventory from 2021.

In June, we held an investor day and presented our 2025 Always Forward Plan, transitioning the 
company from transformation to growth. The plan is underpinned by three key pillars—delivering 
focused brand growth, executing an enterprise-wide digital revolution and operating with financial 
discipline. While the plan outlines our long-term commitments, we began making progress on key 
initiatives under each pillar this year.

Starting with our brands, we’ve executed a very impressive brand turnaround at Abercrombie & Fitch, 
and we continued to build momentum. The Abercrombie brands, which includes abercrombie kids, were 
up 11% in full year sales from 2021 on a reported basis. The Hollister brands, which includes Gilly 
Hicks and Social Tourist, were more challenged as the teen apparel space took a step back with 
mounting global inflationary pressure.
Despite a 9% decrease in full year sales from 2021 on a reported basis, we were pleased with the 
sequential net sales trend improvement in the back half of 2022 that came as a result of product 
and organizational actions taken midyear.
Moving on to our digital revolution, at $1.6 billion in sales,  our  digital  business  was  
approximately  44% of  our  total  sales  in  2022.  Behind  the  scenes  our teams    worked    to 
   modernize    our    technology foundation,   with   a   focus   on   evolving   our   data 
infrastructure   to   enable   faster,   more   predictive insights. We also kicked off a 
multi-year upgrade of our retail merchandising ERP to provide a platform with  more  flexibility.  
On  the  customer  experience side,  we  improved  the  shopping  experience  across the web, our 
mobile apps and in stores.

As we prioritized operating with financial discipline, we balanced playing offense and defense 
amidst macroeconomic uncertainty. On offense, we opened 59 new stores and accelerated key digital 
and technology investments. On defense, we managed expenses and inventory tightly, and importantly, 
each of our brands entered 2023 in a position to chase inventory.

Finally, with our corporate purpose of being there for you on your journey to being and becoming 
who you are serving as the foundation for all that we do, we continued to invest in our associates 
and our communities.  We were recognized again as a Best Workplace in Retail by Great Place to Work 
and Fortune and received a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign’s 2022 Corporate Equality 
Index for the sixteenth year in a row.

At the start of every year, my goal is to make this organization stronger, and we have done that 
once again in 2022, allowing us to begin 2023 from a position of strength with so much opportunity 
ahead for our global brands.

ALWAYS FORWARD,



Fran Horowitz, Chief Executive Officer



SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 A&F cautions that 
any forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform 
Act of 1995) contained herein involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on 
various important factors, many of which may be beyond the company’s control. Words such as 
“estimate,” “project,” “plan,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “should,” "are 
confident," “will,” “could,” “outlook,” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking 
statements. Except as may be required by applicable law, we assume no obligation to publicly update 
or revise our forward-looking statements. The factors disclosed in “ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS” of A&F’s 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, in some cases have affected, 
and in the future could affect, the company’s financial performance and could cause actual results 
for the 2023 fiscal year and beyond to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any of 
the forward-looking statements included in this 2022 Annual Report.
NON-GAAP MEASURES - This 2022 Annual Report includes reference to certain adjusted non-GAAP 
financial measures. Additional details about non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of 
GAAP to adjusted non-GAAP financial measures are included in the “ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION 
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS” of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
ended January 28, 2023. Non-GAAP financial measures should be used as a supplement to, and not as 
an alternative to our GAAP financial results, and may not be calculated in the same manner as 
similar measures presented by other companies.

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                        3                    
                                         2022 Annual Report




2022 ANNUAL REPORT


OUR JOURNEY



Throughout  the  history  of  our  company  we  have  evolved  our brands as consumer habits and 
shopping preferences change. The  transformation  that  our  company  and  brands  have  been 
through  in  the  past  several  years  has  been  instrumental  in creating a foundation for 
sustainable long-term growth.

-  FRAN HOROWITZ PROMOTED TO CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
-  A&F CLUB LAUNCHED
-  A&F X TMALL LAUNCHED
-  A&F PROTOTYPE LAUNCHED
-  KIDS PROTOTYPE LAUNCHED
-  SCOTT LIPESKY JOINED AS CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER





-  GREG HENCHEL JOINED AS GENERAL COUNSEL AND CORPORATE SECRETARY
-  KRISTIN SCOTT PROMOTED TO PRESIDENT, GLOBAL BRANDS
-  HELD AN INVESTOR DAY AND LAID OUT PLANS FOR TO GROW WHILE TRANSFORMING




-  OPENED REGIONAL OFFICES IN LONDON AND SHANGHAI
-  PARTICIPANT IN UNITED NATIONS GLOBAL COMPACT




-  FOCUSED ON PRIORITIZING RESPONSE TO COVID-19
-  CONTINUED TO PROGRESS ON KEY TRANSFORMATION INITIATIVES LAID OUT AT 2018 INVESTOR DAY





-  LAUNCHED SOCIAL TOURIST
-  EVOLVED THE GILLY HICKS BRAND PURPOSE AND OPENED FIRST STANDALONE STORE UNDER NEW BRAND 
POSITIONING
-  SAMIR DESAI JOINED IN THE NEWLY CREATED ROLE OF CHIEF DIGITAL AND TECHNOLOGY OFFICER



-  HELD AN INVESTOR DAY AND PRESENTED OUR 2025 ALWAYS FORWARD PLAN
-  COMPLETED OUR FIRST ESG MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT



*timeline organized by Fiscal Year











Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                        4                    
                                         2022 Annual Report

2022 ANNUAL REPORT


FISCAL 2022 REVIEW




BRAND POSITIONING AND GROWTH

"In 2022, we continued our work to ensure
NET SALES BY BRAND

2022          2021



GAAP Δ %


NON-GAAP CONSTANT CURRENCY(1B)  ASIS

each of our brands were clearly defined and resonating    with    our    customers.    The momentum 
 of  the  Abercrombie  &  Fitch brand accelerated with strength in women’s pants, dresses, new 
categories like our Your Personal   Best   activewear   franchise.   We were also thrilled to see 
positive trends in A&F  men’s.  For  the  Hollister  brand,  we finished  the  year  with  
sequential  quarterly improvement   by   adjusting   our   internal processes  and  our  product  
assortment  to better connect with the teen customer. As we enter 2023, we are optimistic about the 
potential for each of our brands."

Kristin Scott, President, Global Brands
HOLLISTER ⁽²⁾          $1.96B    $2.15B     (9)%            (6)%
ABERCROMBIE ⁽³⁾     $1.73B    $1.56B     11%            13%
TOTAL COMPANY     $3.70B    $3.71B     —%             2%

NET INCOME PER DILUTED SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO A&F CO.
2022                              2021
GAAP                                          $0.05                      $4.20
NON-GAAP                                  $0.25                      $4.35

MAINTAINED STRONG LIQUIDITY POSITION WHILE RETURNING CASH TO STOCKHOLDERS
2022                              2021
LIQUIDITY                                  $0.9B                      $1.1B

PURCHASES OF COMMON STOCK
$126M                    $377M




ALWAYS FORWARD PLAN


EXECUTE FOCUSED

BRAND GROWTH PLANS
ENTERPRISE-WIDE
DIGITAL REVOLUTION
OPERATE WITH

FINANCIAL DISCIPLINE



⁽¹⁾       The estimated impact from foreign currency is determined by applying current period 
exchange rates to prior year results and is net of the year-over-year impact from hedging. The per 
diluted share estimated impact from foreign currency is calculated using a 26% tax rate.
⁽²⁾       Hollister includes the Hollister, Gilly Hicks and Social Tourist brands.
⁽³⁾       Abercrombie includes the Abercrombie & Fitch and abercrombie kids brands.


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                                     5       
                                                                   2022 Annual Report

2022 ANNUAL REPORT




OUR STAKEHOLDERS

As our corporate purpose states, we are “here for you on the journey to being and becoming who you 
are.” We are focused on creating a sense of belonging and community across our brands. We believe 
embracing diversity make us all stronger and that our associates, customers and those with whom we 
partner should feel included, respected, supported, and empowered.
We believe that the attraction, retention, and management of qualified talent representing diverse 
backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets, and fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive work 
environment is integral to our success in advancing our strategies and key business priorities.

In 2022, we continued our robust, inclusion and diversity learning and development opportunities 
for our associates. We also strengthened our ongoing partnerships with organizations that help us 
have a positive impact on the communities in which we do business.

Finally, with the introduction of the 2025 Always Forward Plan, we have set out a path to build 
shareholder value in the years to come.
OUR ENVIRONMENT

We strive to create a positive impact on our community by advancing sustainability efforts in our 
global home offices, stores network and supply chain through our global social and environmental 
sustainability programs, some of which have been in place for over 20 years. In Fiscal 2019, we 
became a participant in the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the world’s largest corporate 
citizenship and sustainability initiative. As part of our commitment to the UNGC, in Fiscal 2019 we 
also announced sustainability targets which align with the United Nation’s Sustainable Development 
Goals. In Fiscal 2022, in furtherance of our sustainability strategy, we completed our first ESG 
materiality assessment to help us identify ESG topics most impactful to our long-term value 
creation and most important to our stakeholders.


OUR SUPPLY CHAIN

Outside of our global store network and global home offices, we are invested in improving our 
supply chain processes by partnering with vendors, suppliers, manufacturers, contractors, 
subcontractors and their agents (collectively, “Vendors”).  Our Vendors are expected to operate in 
compliance with the laws of their respective countries and all other applicable laws, rules, and 
regulations, and have committed to follow the standards set forth in our Vendor Code of Conduct. 
Our Vendor Code of Conduct details our dedication to employing leading practices in human rights, 
labor rights, environmental responsibility and workplace safety.


HIGHLIGHTS

•  Trained third-party factory workers on anti-human trafficking, gender equality, and health and 
safety
•  Donated over $8M to charitable causes, with the help of our associates, vendor partners and 
customers
•  Volunteered more than 23,000 hours as our global associates remained committed to our 
communities
•  Named one of Fortune’s Best Workplaces in Retail and remained a Great Place to Work-Certified™ 
organization
•  Received a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign’s 2022 Corporate Equality Index for the 
sixteenth year in a row, with the designation as a one of the Best Places to Work for LGBTQ+ 
Equality


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                        6                    
                                         2022 Annual Report

Table of Contents

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
Form 10-K
(Mark One)
☒    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 or
☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from         to Commission file number 001-12107
Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware                                                                                            
                  31-1469076                         
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)                                      
             (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
6301 Fitch Path                    New Albany                    Ohio                               
                                                       43054                              
(Address of principal executive offices)                                                            
                          (Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (614) 283-6500 Securities registered pursuant 
to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class                                        Trading Symbol(s)                   Name 
of each exchange on which registered
Class A Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value                               ANF                             
              New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of 
the Securities Act.    ⌧  Yes    🞎  No
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 
Section 15(d) of the Act.    🞎  Yes    ⌧  No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by 
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for 
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been 
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    ⌧  Yes    🞎  
No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data 
File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months 
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
⌧  Yes    🞎  No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a 
non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the 
definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and 
“emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:
Large accelerated filer                 ⌧                                               
                                                           Accelerated filer                        
          🞎
Non-accelerated filer                   🞎                                               
                                                            Smaller reporting company               
 ☐
Emerging growth company                 ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the 
extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards 
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.    🞎
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its 
management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under 
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting 
firm that prepared or issued its audit report.  ⌧
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether 
the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an 
error to previously issued financial statements.    🞎
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a 
recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive 
officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b).    🞎 Indicate 
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    ☐ 
 Yes    ⌧    No
Aggregate market value of the registrant’s Class A Common Stock (the only outstanding common equity 
of the registrant) held by non-affiliates of the registrant (for this purpose, executive officers 
and directors of the registrant are considered affiliates) as of July 29, 2022: $857,460,259. 
Number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s common stock as of March 24, 2023: 49,218,719 
shares of Class A Common Stock.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:
Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The 
registrant expects to file such definitive proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission within 120 days of its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023.

Table of Contents



Table of Contents

PART I
Item 1.       Business                                                                              
Item 1A.     Risk Factors                                                                           
Item 1B.     Unresolved Staff Comments                                                              
Item 2.       Properties                                                                            
Item 3.       Legal Proceedings                                                                     
Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures                                                               
PART II
Item 5.       Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer 
Purchases of                                   25
Equity Securities
Item 6.       [Reserved]                                                                            
Item 7.       Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Item 7A.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                             
Item 8.       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                           
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (loss) Income                               
Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                                         
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity                                                     
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                               
Index for Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                          
Item 9.       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
Item 9A.     Controls and Procedures                                                                
Item 9B.     Other Information                                                                      
Item 9C.    Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections                     
PART III
Item 10.     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance                                 
Item 11.     Executive Compensation                                                                 
Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
Matters
Item 13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence              
Item 14.     Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                 
PART IV
Item 15.     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules                                             
Item 16.     Form 10-K Summary                                                                      
Index to Exhibits                                                                                   
Signatures                                                                                          
Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                            2                
                                                         2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents


SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements (as 
such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) that involve risks 
and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various important  factors,  many  of  which  
may  be  beyond  our  control.  Words  such  as  “estimate,”  “project,”  “plan,”  “believe,”  
“expect,” “anticipate,”  “intend,”  “should,”  “are  confident,”  “will,”  “could”,  “outlook,”  or 
 the  negative  versions  of  those  words  or  other comparable words and similar expressions may 
identify forward-looking statements. Future economic and industry trends that could potentially 
impact revenue and profitability are difficult to predict. Therefore, there can be no assurance 
that the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will prove to be 
accurate. Factors that could cause results to differ from those expressed in the forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to, the risks described or referenced in “ITEM 1A. RISK 
FACTORS,” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and otherwise in our reports and filings with the SEC, 
as well as the following:

•    risks related to changes in global economic and financial conditions, including volatility in 
the financial markets as a result of the failure, or rumored failure, of financial institutions, 
and the resulting impact on consumer confidence and consumer spending, as well as other changes in 
consumer discretionary spending habits;
•    risks related to recent inflationary pressures with respect to labor and raw materials and 
global supply chain constraints
that have, and could continue to, affect freight, transit and other costs;
•    risks and uncertainty related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any other adverse public 
health developments;
•    risks related to geopolitical conflict, including the on-going hostilities in Ukraine, acts of 
terrorism, mass casualty events, social unrest, civil disturbance or disobedience;
•    risks related to natural disasters and other unforeseen catastrophic events;
•    risks  related  to  our  failure  to  engage  our  customers,  anticipate  customer  demand  
and  changing  fashion  trends,  and manage our inventory;
•    risks related to our ability to successfully invest in and execute on our customer, digital 
and omnichannel initiatives;
•    risks related to the effects of seasonal fluctuations on our sales and our performance during 
the back-to-school and holiday selling seasons;
•    risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;
•    risks related to fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate, including as a 
result of earnings and losses generated from our international operations;
•    risks related to our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives, including those outlined 
in our Always Forward Plan
•    risks  related  to  international  operations,  including  changes  in  the  economic  or  
political  conditions  where  we  sell  or source our products or changes in import tariffs or 
trade restrictions;
•    risks related to cybersecurity threats and privacy or data security breaches;
•    risks related to the  potential loss or disruption of our information systems;
•    risks related to the continued validity of our trademarks and our ability to protect our 
intellectual property;
•    risks associated with climate change and other corporate responsibility issues; and
•    uncertainties  related  to  future  legislation,  regulatory  reform,  policy  changes,  or  
interpretive  guidance  on  existing legislation.

In light of the significant uncertainties in the forward-looking statements included herein, the 
inclusion of such information should not  be  regarded  as  a  representation  by  us,  or  any  
other  person,  that  our  objectives  will  be  achieved.  The  forward-looking statements 
included herein are based on information presently available to our management and speak only as of 
the date on which such statements are made. Except as may be required by applicable law, we assume 
no obligation to publicly update or revise  our  forward-looking  statements,  including  any  
financial  targets  and  estimates,  whether  as  a  result  of  new  information, future  events,  
or  otherwise. As  used  herein,  “Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Co.,”  “the  Company,”  “we,”  “us,”  
“our,”  and  similar  terms include Abercrombie & Fitch Co. and its subsidiaries, unless the 
context indicates otherwise.








Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                            3                
                                                         2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

PART I
Item 1.     Business
GENERAL

Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (“A&F”), a company incorporated in Delaware in 1996, through its 
subsidiaries (collectively, A&F and its subsidiaries are referred to as the “Company,” “we,” “us,” 
and “our”), is a global, digitally-led omnichannel retailer.  The Company offers a broad assortment 
of apparel, personal care products and accessories for men, women and kids, which are sold 
primarily through its digital channels and Company-owned stores, as well as through various 
third-party arrangements.  The Company’s two brand-based operating segments are Hollister, which 
includes the Company’s Hollister, Gilly Hicks and Social Tourist brands, and Abercrombie, which 
includes the Company’s Abercrombie & Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. These five brands share a 
commitment to offering unique products of enduring quality and exceptional comfort that allow 
customers around the world to express their own individuality and style. The Company operates 
primarily in North America, Europe, Middle East and Asia.

The  Company’s  fiscal  year  ends  on  the  Saturday  closest  to  January  31.  This  typically  
results  in  a  fifty-two-week  year,  but occasionally gives rise to an additional week, resulting 
in a fifty-three-week year. Fiscal years are designated in the Consolidated Financial Statements 
and Notes thereto, as well as the remainder of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, by the calendar 
year in which the fiscal year commenced. All references herein to the Company’s fiscal years are as 
follows:

Fiscal year                                                                                         
                                                   Year ended / ending       Number of weeks
Fiscal 2020                                                                                         
                                                     January 30, 2021                        52
Fiscal 2021                                                                                         
                                                     January 29, 2022                        52
Fiscal 2022                                                                                         
                                                     January 28, 2023                        52
Fiscal 2023                                                                                         
                                                     February 3, 2024                        53

For additional information about the Company’s business, see “ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND 
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL   CONDITION   AND   RESULTS   OF   OPERATIONS,”   as   well   as   “ITEM   8. 
  FINANCIAL   STATEMENTS   AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA,” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Current Economic Environment

The current economic environment remained challenging in Fiscal 2022. The COVID-19 pandemic and its 
effects on the global economy continued to impact the Company’s operations in Fiscal 2022, 
including through temporary store closures. While trends in the severity of new cases of COVID-19 
in the U.S. improved throughout Fiscal 2022, caseloads have periodically increased in certain 
global regions, most notably, in the Asia-Pacific Region (“APAC”) in conjunction with the easing of 
strict lockdowns and zero-tolerance policy shutdowns in China.

In addition, while the direct impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have shown signs of abatement, the 
Company has experienced various other adverse impacts in the current economic environment, 
including supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures including higher freight and labor 
costs, labor shortages, and weak store traffic.

The adverse consequences of the pandemic and of the current economic environment continue to impact 
the Company and may persist for some time.  The Company will continue to assess impacts on its 
operations and financial condition, and will respond as it deems appropriate.

For further information about COVID-19, refer to   “ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS,” and “ITEM 7. 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS," of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K.














Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                            4                
                                                         2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

BRANDS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company’s brands are as follows:

Brand                                 Description
Hollister                             The quintessential apparel brand of the global teen consumer, 
Hollister Co. believes in liberating the spirit of an endless summer inside everyone. At Hollister, 
summer isn’t just a season, it’s a state of mind. Hollister creates carefree style designed to make 
all teens feel celebrated and comfortable in their own skin, so they can live in a summer mindset 
all year long, whatever the season.
Gilly Hicks                         At Gilly Hicks, we know that 10 minutes of activity a day can 
lead to a happier life.  That's why we offer active lifestyle products to help Gen Z customers 
create happiness through movement.

Social Tourist                     Social Tourist is the creative vision of Hollister and social 
media personalities Dixie and Charli D’Amelio. The lifestyle brand creates trend-forward apparel 
that allows brand lovers to experiment with their style, while exploring the  duality of who they 
are both on social media and in real life.
Abercrombie & Fitch          Abercrombie & Fitch believes that every day should feel as exceptional 
as the start of the long weekend. Since 1892, the brand has been a specialty retailer of quality 
apparel, outerwear and fragrance - designed to inspire
our global customers to feel confident, be comfortable and face their Fierce.
abercrombie kids               A global specialty retailer of quality, comfortable, made-to-play 
favorites, abercrombie kids sees the world through kids’ eyes, where play is life and every day is 
an opportunity to be anything and better everything.

The Company determines its segments after taking into consideration a variety of factors, including 
its organizational structure and  the  basis  that  it  uses  to  allocate  resources  and  assess  
performance.  The  Company’s  two  operating  segments  as  of January 28, 2023 are brand-based: 
Hollister, which includes the Company’s Hollister, Gilly Hicks and Social Tourist brands, and 
Abercrombie, which includes the Company’s Abercrombie & Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. These 
operating segments have similar economic characteristics, classes of consumers, products, and 
production and distribution methods, operate in the same regulatory  environments,  and  have  been 
 aggregated  into  one  reportable  segment.  Additional  information  concerning  the Company’s  
segment  and  geographic  information  is  contained  in  Note  17,  “SEGMENT  REPORTING”  of  the  
Notes  to Consolidated  Financial  Statements  included  in  “ITEM  8.  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND  
SUPPLEMENTARY  DATA”  of  this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


STRATEGY AND KEY BUSINESS PRIORITIES

The Company remains committed to, and confident in, its long-term vision of being a leading 
digitally-led omnichannel global apparel retailer. The Company continues to evaluate opportunities 
to make progress toward initiatives that support this vision, while balancing the near-term 
challenges and the continued global uncertainty presented by the changing macroeconomic and 
geopolitical environment.

Always Forward Plan

During the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company announced its 2025 Always Forward Plan, which 
outlines the Company’s long-term strategy and goals, including growing shareholder value. The 
Always Forward Plan is anchored on three strategic growth principles, which are to:
•      Execute focused brand growth plans;
•      Accelerate an enterprise-wide digital revolution; and
•      Operate with financial discipline.

The  following  focus  areas  for  Fiscal  2023  serve  as  a  framework  for  the  Company’s  goal 
 of  achieving  sustainable  long-term growth and progressing toward the Always Forward Plan:
•      Execute brand growth plans
•      Drive Abercrombie brands through marketing and store investment;
•      Optimize the Hollister product and brand voice to enable second half growth; and
•      Support Gilly Hicks growth with an evolved assortment mix
•      Execute an enterprise-wide digital revolution
•      Complete the current phase of our modernization efforts around key data platforms;
•      Continue to progress on our multi-year ERP transformation and cloud migration journey; and
•      Improve our digital and app experience across key parts of the customer journey
•      Operate with financial discipline
•      Maintain appropriately lean inventory levels that put Abercrombie and Hollister in a 
position to chase inventory throughout the year; and
•      Properly balance investments, inflation and efficiency efforts to improve profitability




Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                            5                
                                                         2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents



OVERVIEW OF OPERATIONS

Omnichannel Initiatives

As customer shopping preferences continue to shift and customers increasingly shop across multiple 
channels, the Company aims to create best-in-class customer experiences and grow total company 
profitability by delivering improvements through a continuous test-and-learn approach. With the 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in Fiscal 2020, the Company experienced an acceleration  in  sales  
fulfilled  through  digital  channels.  Despite,  this  acceleration  in  the  shift  towards  
digital  channels,  stores continue  to  be  an  important  part  of  the  customers’  omnichannel  
experience  and  the  Company  believes  that  the  customers’ experience is improved by its 
offering of omnichannel capabilities, which include:
•      Purchase-Online-Pickup-in-Store, allowing customers to purchase merchandise through one of 
the Company’s websites or mobile apps and pick-up the merchandise in store, which often drives 
incremental in-store sales;
•      Curbside pickup at a majority of U.S. locations;
•      Same-day delivery service across its entire U.S. store fleet. Each brand’s website features 
a “Get It Fast” filter to easily find products that are available, or shoppers can choose the 
same-day delivery option for available items at checkout;
•      Order-in-Store, allowing customers to shop the brands’ in-store and online offerings while 
in-store;
•      Reserve-in-Store, allowing customers to reserve merchandise online and try it on in-store 
before purchasing;
•      Ship-from-Store,  which  allows  the  Company  to  ship  in-store  merchandise  to  
customers  and  increases  inventory productivity; and
•      Cross-channel  returns,  allowing  customers  to  return  merchandise  purchased  through  
one  channel  to  a  different channel.

The  Company  also  believes  that  its  loyalty  programs,  Hollister  House  Rewards®  and  
Abercrombie’s  myAbercrombie®,  are important enablers of its omnichannel strategy as the Company 
aims to seamlessly interact and connect with customers across all  touchpoints  through  
members-only  offers,  items  and  experiences.  Under  these  programs,  customers  accumulate  
points primarily  based  on  purchase  activity  and  earn  rewards  as  points  are  converted  at 
 certain  thresholds. These  rewards  can  be redeemed for merchandise discounts either in-store or 
online. The loyalty programs continue to provide timely customer insights, and the Company believes 
these programs contribute to higher average transaction value.

Digital Operations

In  order  to  create  a  more  seamless  shopping  experience  for  its  customers,  the  Company  
continues  to  invest  in  its  digital infrastructure.  The  Company  has  the  capability  to  
ship  merchandise  to  customers  in  more  than  110  countries  and  process transactions in 26 
currencies and through 25 forms of payment globally. The Company operates desktop and mobile 
websites for its brands globally, which are available in various local languages, and four mobile 
apps. In the third quarter of Fiscal 2022 the Company launched Share2PayTM, a new payment feature 
in the Company’s mobile apps that allows customers to easily share their digital shopping bags with 
a purchaser to complete the purchase. Initially available exclusively in the Hollister mobile app, 
as  of  the  first  quarter  of  Fiscal  2023,  Share2PayTM  is  available  across  each  of  the  
Company’s  mobile  apps.  The  Company continues to develop its mobile capabilities as mobile 
engagement continues to grow, with over 83% of the Company’s digital traffic  generated  from  
mobile  devices  in  Fiscal  2022.  In  addition,  in  its  efforts  to  expand  its  international 
 brand  reach,  the Company also partners with certain third-party e-commerce platforms.

Store Operations

The Company continues to thoughtfully open new stores and invest in smaller omni-enabled store 
experiences that align with local customer shopping preferences. New store formats are designed to 
provide the opportunity for higher productivity through a smaller footprint. During Fiscal 2022, 
the Company opened 59 new store locations, remodeled one store location and right-sized an 
additional eight store locations. These stores are designed to be open and inviting, and include 
accommodating features such as innovative fitting rooms and omnichannel capabilities. Also included 
in our new store openings for Fiscal 2022 are 14 Gilly Hicks stand-alone  locations. These  stores  
are tailored  to  reflect  the  personality of each brand, with unique furniture,  fixtures, music 
and scent adding to a rich brand experience. The Company’s stores continue to play an essential 
role in creating brand awareness  and  serving  as  physical  gateways  to  the  brands.  Stores  
also  serve  as  local  hubs  for  online  engagement  as  the Company continues to grow its 
omnichannel capabilities to create seamless shopping experiences.

The Company continues to evaluate and manage its store fleet through its ongoing global store 
network optimization initiative and has taken actions to optimize store productivity by remodeling, 
right-sizing or relocating stores to smaller square footage locations, and closing legacy stores. 
As part of this initiative, the Company closed 26 stores during Fiscal 2022. The actions taken in 
Fiscal 2022 continued to transform the Company's operating model and reposition the Company for the 
future as the Company continues to focus on aligning store square footage with digital penetration.





Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                            6                
                                                         2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

As of January 28, 2023, all of the retail stores operated by the Company are located in leased 
facilities, primarily in shopping centers. These leases generally have initial terms of between 
five and ten years. Certain leases also include early termination options, which can be exercised 
under specific conditions. The leases expire at various dates between Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2033.

As of January 28, 2023, the Company operated 762 retail stores as detailed in the table below:

Hollister ⁽¹⁾       Abercrombie ⁽²⁾                    Total ⁽³⁾
Europe                                                                                              
                                                      107                           20              
Asia                                                                                                
                                                           28                           20          
Canada                                                                                              
                                                         9                             4            
Middle East                                                                                         
                                                        5                             9             
International                                                                                       
                                                     149                           53               
United States                                                                                       
                                                   380                         180                  
Total                                                                                               
                                                           529                           233        
⁽¹⁾      Includes the Hollister and Gilly Hicks brands. Locations with Gilly Hicks carveouts within 
Hollister stores are represented as a single store count. Excludes 12 international franchise 
stores and 16 U.S. Company-operated temporary stores as of January 28, 2023.
⁽²⁾      Includes  Abercrombie  &  Fitch  and  abercrombie  kids  brands.  Locations  with  
abercrombie  kids  carveouts  within  Abercrombie  &  Fitch  stores  are represented as a single 
store count. Excludes 23 international franchise stores and three U.S. Company-operated temporary 
stores as of January 28, 2023.
⁽³⁾      This store count excludes one international third-party operated multi-brand outlet store 
as of January 28, 2023.

For store count and gross square footage by brand and geographic region as of January 28, 2023 and 
January 29, 2022, refer to “ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.”

Third-Party Operations

The  Company  seeks  to  expand  its  international  brand  reach,  create  brand  awareness  and  
develop  local  presence  through various  wholesale,  franchise,  and  licensing  arrangements.  
As  of  January  28,  2023,  the  Company  had  ten  wholesale partnerships, primarily 
internationally. As of January 28, 2023, the Company’s franchisees operated 35 international 
franchise stores across the Company’s brands located in Mexico, Qatar and Saudi Arabia.


SOURCING OF MERCHANDISE INVENTORY

The  Company  works  with  its  network  of  third-party  vendors  to  supply  compelling,  
high-quality  product  assortments  to  its customers.  These  vendors  are  expected  to  operate  
in  compliance  with  the  laws  of  their  respective  countries  and  all  other applicable laws, 
rules, and regulations and have committed to follow the standards set forth in the Company’s Vendor 
Code of Conduct, regarding human rights, labor rights, environmental responsibility and workplace 
safety.

The Company sourced merchandise through approximately 119 vendors located in 16 countries, 
including the U.S., during Fiscal 2022. The Company’s largest vendor accounted for approximately 
12% of merchandise sourced in Fiscal 2022, based on the cost of sourced merchandise. The Company 
believes its product sourcing is appropriately distributed among vendors.

Refer  to  Note  5,  “INVENTORIES,”  of  the  Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  
included  in  “ITEM  8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA” of this Annual Report on Form 
10-K for a summary of inventory sourced based on vendor location and dollar cost of merchandise 
receipts during Fiscal 2022.


DISTRIBUTION OF MERCHANDISE INVENTORY

The Company’s distribution network is built to deliver inventory to Company-operated and 
international franchise stores and fulfill digital  and  wholesale  orders  with  speed  and  
efficiency.  Generally,  merchandise  is  shipped  directly  from  vendors  to  the Company’s 
distribution centers, where it is received and inspected before being shipped to the Company’s 
stores or its digital or wholesale customers.









Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                            7                
                                                         2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

The  Company  relies  on  both  Company-owned  and  third-party  distribution  centers  to  manage  
the  receipt,  storage,  sorting, packing and distribution of its merchandise. Additional 
information pertaining to certain of the Company’s distribution centers as of January 28, 2023 
follows:
Location                                                                                            
                                                                     Company-owned or third-party
New Albany, Ohio (Primarily serves store and digital operations)                                    
                                     Company-owned
New Albany, Ohio (Serves only digital operations)                                                   
                                             Company-owned
Bergen op Zoom, Netherlands                                                                         
                                                      Third-party
Shanghai, China                                                                                     
                                                               Third-party
Goodyear, Arizona (Serves only digital operations)                                                  
                                             Third-party

The Company primarily used seven contract carriers to ship merchandise and related materials to its 
North American customers, and several contract carriers for its international customers during 
Fiscal 2022.


COMPETITION

The Company operates in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive retail business environment. 
Competitors include: individual and chain specialty apparel retailers; local, regional, national 
and international department stores; discount stores; and digitally-native  brands  and  
online-exclusive  businesses. Additionally,  the  Company  competes  for  consumers’ discretionary  
spend  with businesses in other product and experiential categories such as technology, 
restaurants, travel and media content.

The  Company  competes  primarily  on  the  basis  of  differentiating  its  brands  from  those  
of  its  competition  through  product, providing higher quality and increased newness; brand 
voice, amplifying and consolidating brand messaging; and experience, investing in immersive, 
participatory omnichannel shopping environments.

Operating in a highly competitive industry environment can cause the Company to engage in greater 
than expected promotional activity, which would result in pressure on average unit retail and gross 
profit. Refer to “ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - Our failure to operate in a highly competitive and 
constantly evolving industry could have a material adverse impact on our business” of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of the potential impacts competition may have on the 
Company.


SEASONAL BUSINESS

Historically,  the  Company’s  operations have been seasonal  in nature and consist  of two  
principal selling  seasons:  the  spring season, which includes the first and second fiscal 
quarters (“Spring”) and the fall season, which includes the third and fourth fiscal quarters 
(“Fall”). The Company experiences its greatest sales activity during Fall, due to back-to-school 
and holiday sales periods. Refer to “ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL 
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion.


TRADEMARKS

The trademarks Abercrombie & Fitch®, abercrombie®, Hollister®, Gilly Hicks®, Social Tourist® and 
the “Moose” and “Seagull” logos are  registered  with  the  U.S.  Patent  and  Trademark  Office  
and  registered,  or  the  Company  has  applications  for  registration pending, with the 
registries of countries in key markets within the Company’s sales and distribution channels. In 
addition, these trademarks are either registered, or the Company has applications for registration 
pending, with the registries of many of the foreign countries in which the manufacturers of the 
Company’s products are located. The Company has also registered, or has applied to register, 
certain other trademarks in the U.S. and around the world. The Company believes its products are 
identified by its trademarks and, therefore, its trademarks are of significant value. Each 
registered trademark has a duration of 10 to 20 years, depending on the date it was registered, and 
the country in which it is registered, and is subject to an indefinite number of renewals  for  a  
like  period  upon  continued  use  and  appropriate  application.  The  Company  intends  to  
continue  using  its  core trademarks and to timely renew each of its registered trademarks that 
remain in use.


INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS

The Company’s owned and third-party-operated management information technology systems consist of a 
full range of retail, merchandising,  human  resource  and  financial  systems.  These  systems  
include  applications  related  to  point-of-sale,  digital operations, inventory management, 
supply chain, planning, sourcing, merchandising, payroll, scheduling and financial reporting. The  
Company  continues  to  invest  in  technology  to  upgrade  its  core  systems  to  enhance  
reporting  and  analytics,  create efficiencies and to support its digital operations, omnichannel 
capabilities, customer relationship management tools and loyalty programs.

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                            8                
                                                         2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents



WORKING CAPITAL

Refer  to  “ITEM  7.  MANAGEMENT’S  DISCUSSION  AND  ANALYSIS  OF  FINANCIAL  CONDITION  AND  
RESULTS  OF
OPERATIONS” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the Company’s cash requirements 
and sources of cash available for working capital needs and investment opportunities.


HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
The  Company  strives  to  create  a  culture  that  not  only  drives  strategic  and  key  
business  priorities  forward,  but  is  welcoming, inclusive, diverse and encourages associates to 
create a positive impact in their global communities. The Company believes that the  strength  of  
its  unique  culture  is  a  competitive  advantage,  and  intends  to  continue  building  upon  
that  culture  to  improve performance across its business.

Therefore,  the  Company  believes  that  the  attraction,  retention,  and  management  of  
qualified  talent  representing  diverse backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets - and fostering a 
diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment - are integral to its success.  Highlights of our 
key human capital management programs and efforts include the following:

•      Living a corporate purpose of “Being here for you on the journey to being and becoming who 
you are.”  The Company’s corporate purpose was developed after conducting listening sessions with 
its associates and its customers, and by weaving in key themes from each of the brand purposes.
•      Offering competitive compensation and benefits, to help the Company attract, motivate, and 
retain the key talent necessary to achieve outstanding business and financial results. The 
Company’s compensation offerings includes cash-based and equity-based incentive awards in order to 
align the interests of associates and stockholders, and in the second half of Fiscal 2021, the 
Company expanded the pool of associates eligible to receive cash-based incentive awards by 
extending eligibility to additional associates across various job levels. In addition, the Company 
continues to evolve its approach to work flexibility, including supporting remote work arrangements 
for key roles and “work from anywhere days and weeks” for our corporate home office associates 
where feasible. We also support our associates and their families beyond our competitive 
compensation and comprehensive benefits offerings, providing eligible associates with paid parental 
leave in the United States and internationally based on local law, and in 2022 we started offering 
adoption and fertility support benefits for eligible associates globally.
•      Improving  associate  engagement  through  open  communication  channels  with  a  focus  on 
 development.  The Company  regularly  holds  all-company  meetings  to  communicate  with  its  
associates.  The  Company  also  collects feedback through various engagement surveys to better 
understand associate experience and drive improvements, with the most recent organization-wide 
survey conducted in August 2022.
•      Fostering associate development by providing a wide variety of growth and development 
opportunities throughout associates’ careers.  This includes stretch assignments, internal career 
pathing, self-awareness exercises, and active coaching. The Company also uses leadership standards 
to help associates identify the core behaviors essential for their career growth, as well as 
personal growth, on their journey at the Company. In Fiscal 2022, the Company launched the internal 
job board, which empowers associates to apply for open roles and/or to seek advancement 
opportunities within the Company.
•      Embracing inclusion and diversity in all forms, including gender, race, ethnicity, 
disability, nationality, religion, age, veteran   status,   LGBTQIA+   status,   and   other   
factors.   The   Company   continuously   reviews   metrics   including representation, retention, 
pay, and promotion among associates from diverse backgrounds, including those in leadership 
positions. The Company also encourages associates to enhance their understanding of inclusion and 
diversity through participating  in  the  Company’s  various  associate  resource  groups,  which  
allow  associates  from  different  business functions around the world to have discussions, attend 
activities, and receive materials focused on allyship, community, celebration,  and  education.  
Additionally,  the  Company  invests  in  inclusion  and  diversity  learning  and  development 
opportunities  for  associates  on  topics  including  bias,  allyship,  and  advocacy,  conducting 
 roundtable  discussions, trainings and workshops.
•      Encouraging  community  involvement  of  its  associates by  promoting  various  charitable, 
 philanthropic,  and  social awareness  programs,  which  the  Company  believes  fosters  a  
collaborative  and  rewarding  work  environment.  The Company provides support to global 
organizations in the form of cash donations, volunteerism and in-kind support.  In partnership with 
its vendor partners, customers and associates, the Company is proud to support community partners 
serving youth, teens, and young adults with a focus on mental health and wellness, empowerment, and 
inclusion and diversity. The Company offers its associates a paid volunteer day each year for 
eligible volunteer work.
•      Focusing on the health and safety of its associates by investing in various wellness 
programs that are designed to enhance the physical, financial, and mental well-being of its 
associates globally. The Company provides benefits-eligible associates and their families with 
access to free and confidential counseling through our Employee Assistance Program, as  well  as  
free  access  to  Headspace,  a  mediation  and  mindfulness  app.  The  Company  also  provides  
regular programming on financial planning and mental health.


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                            9                
                                                         2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Associates

The Company employed approximately 29,600 associates globally as of January 28, 2023, of whom 
approximately 22,400 were part-time  associates.  As  of  January  28,  2023,  the  Company  
employed  approximately  22,400  associates  in  the  U.S.,  and employed approximately 7,200 
associates outside of the U.S. The Company employs temporary, seasonal associates at times, 
particularly during Fall, when it experiences its greatest sales activity due to back-to-school and 
holiday sales periods.

The proportion of associates represented by works councils and unions is not significant and is 
generally limited to associates in the Company’s European stores.

Board Oversight

A&F’s Board of Directors (the “Board of Directors”) and its committees oversee human capital 
issues. The Compensation and Human  Capital  Committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors  oversees  
the  Company’s  overall  compensation  structure,  policies  and programs, as well as 
administration of our cash-based and equity-based performance award programs. Members of the Board 
of Directors also review succession plans for the Company’s executive officers and discuss with 
senior leadership the Company’s human capital management strategies, programs, policies and 
practices, including those relating to organizational structure and key reporting relationships, 
along with development of strategies and practices relating to recruitment, retention and 
development of  the  Company’s  associates  as  needed. Additionally,  the  Environmental,  Social  
and  Governance  Committee  of  the  Board  of Directors oversees the Company’s strategies, 
policies and practices regarding social issues and trends, including inclusion and diversity 
initiatives, health and safety, and philanthropy and community investment matters.

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The Company’s executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. Set forth below 
is certain information regarding the executive officers of the Company as of March 24, 2023:

Fran Horowitz, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Age: 59
Executive Roles:
•   Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director (February 2017 to present)
•   Former President and Chief Merchandising Officer for all brands of the Company (December 2015 
to February 2017),  former  member  of  the  Office  of  the  Chairman  of  the  Company  (December 
 2014  to  February  2017)  and former Brand President of Hollister (October 2014 to December 2015)
•   Former President of Ann Taylor Loft, a division of Ascena Retail Group, Inc., the parent 
company of specialty retail fashion brands in North America (October 2013 to October 2014)
•   Formerly held various roles at Express, Inc., a specialty apparel and accessories retailer of 
women’s and men’s merchandise (February 2005 to November 2012), including Executive Vice President 
of Women’s Merchandising and Design (May 2010 to November 2012)
•   Formerly held various merchandising roles at Bloomingdale’s and various positions at Bergdorf 
Goodman, Bonwit Teller and Saks Fifth Avenue
Other Leadership Roles:
•   Member of the Board of Directors of Conagra Brands, Inc. (NYSE: CAG), one of North America’s 
leading branded food companies (July 2021 to present)
•   Member of the Board of Directors of SeriousFun Children’s Network, Inc., a non-profit 
corporation that provides specially-adapted  camp  experiences  for  children  with  serious  
illnesses  and  their  families,  free  of  charge  (since March 2017)
•   Member of the Board of Directors of Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose (CECP), a CEO-led 
coalition that helps companies transform their social strategy by providing customized resources 
(October 2019 to present)

Scott D. Lipesky, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Age: 48
Executive Roles:
•   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, as well as Principal 
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company (April 2021 to present)
•   Senior  Vice  President  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  the  Company,  as  well  as  
Principal  Financial  Officer  and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company (October 2017 to 
April 2021)
•   Prior to rejoining the Company, formerly served as Chief Financial Officer of American 
Signature, Inc., a privately-held home furnishings company (October 2016 to October 2017)
•   Formerly held various leadership roles and finance positions with the Company (November 2007 to 
October 2016) including: Chief Financial Officer, Hollister Brand (September 2014 to October 2016); 
Vice President, Merchandise Finance (March 2013 to September 2014); Vice President, Financial 
Planning and Analysis (November 2012 to March 2013); and Senior Director, Financial Planning and 
Analysis (November 2010 to November 2012)
•   Former Corporate Finance Director with FTI Consulting Inc., a global financial services 
advisory firm
•   Former Director of Corporate Business Development with The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
•   Formerly held position as a Certified Public Accountant with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           10                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents


Kristin Scott, President, Global Brands
Age: 55
Executive Roles:
•  President, Global Brands of the Company (November 2018 to present)
•   Former Brand President of Hollister (August 2016 to November 2018)
•   Formerly held senior positions at Victoria’s Secret, a specialty retailer of women’s intimate 
and other apparel which sells  products  at  Victoria’s  Secret  stores  and  online  (December  
2007  to April  2016),  including:  Executive  Vice President,   General   Merchandise   Manager   
(March   2013   to   April   2016);   Senior   Vice   President,   General Merchandise Manager 
(March 2009 to March 2013); and Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager - Stores 
(December 2007 to March 2009)
•   Formerly held various planning and merchandising positions at Gap Inc., Target, and Marshall 
Fields

Samir Desai, Executive Vice President, Chief Digital Technology Officer
Age: 42
Executive Roles:
•   Executive Vice President and Chief Digital and Technology Officer of the Company (July 2021 to 
present)
•   Formerly held various leadership and technology positions at Equinox Group, a luxury fitness 
company that operates several lifestyle brands (October 2005 to June 2021), including:  Chief 
Technology Officer (April 2016 to June 2021), Vice President, Technology (April 2013 to April 
2016), Senior Director Technology (April 2011 to April 2013), Director Technology (October 2005 to 
April 2011)
•   Formerly held technology roles at Intertex Apparel Group, a manufacturer and importer of 
branded and private label apparel (July 2002 to October 2005), including Director, Information 
Technology

Gregory J. Henchel, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Age: 55
Executive Roles:
•   Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company (October 2021 
to present)
•   Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company (October 2018 to 
October 2021)
•   Former Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of HSN, Inc., a $3+ billion 
multi-channel retailer (February 2010 to December 2017)
•   Former Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Tween Brands, Inc., a specialty retailer 
(October 2005 to February 2010) and Secretary (August 2008 to February 2010)
•   Formerly held various roles at Cardinal Health, Inc., a global medical device, pharmaceutical 
and healthcare technology company, including Assistant General Counsel  (2001 to October 2005), and 
Senior Litigation Counsel (May 1998 to 2001)
•   Formerly held position as a litigation associate with the law firm of Jones Day (September 1993 
to May 1998)


GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS

As a global organization, the Company is subject to the laws and regulations of the U.S. and 
multiple foreign jurisdictions in which it operates. These laws and regulations include, but are 
not limited to: trade, transportation and logistic laws, including tariffs and import and export 
regulations; tax laws and regulations; product and consumer safety laws; anti-bribery and 
corruption laws; employment and labor laws; antitrust or competition laws; data privacy laws; and 
environmental regulations.

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, with tax provisions primarily 
focused on implementing a 15%  corporate  minimum  tax  on  global  adjusted  financial  statement  
income,  expected  to  become  applicable  to  the  Company beginning in Fiscal 2023,   and a 1% 
excise tax on share repurchases in tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The Company does 
not currently expect that the Inflation Reduction Act will have a material impact on its income 
taxes.

Laws and regulations have had, and may continue to have, a material impact on the Company’s 
operations as described further within   “ITEM   7.   MANAGEMENT’S   DISCUSSION   AND   ANALYSIS   
OF   FINANCIAL   CONDITION   AND   RESULTS   OF
OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Refer to “ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS,” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the 
potential impacts regulatory matters may have on the Company in the future, including those related 
to environmental matters. Compliance with government laws and regulations has not had a material 
effect on the Company’s capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position.




Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           11                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

OTHER INFORMATION

A&F makes available free of charge on its website, corporate.abercrombie.com, under the “Investors 
– Financials/SEC Filings” section, its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, 
current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 
13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange  Act”),  
as  soon  as  reasonably  practicable  after  A&F  electronically  files  such  material  with,  or 
 furnishes  it  to,  the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). A&F also makes available 
free of charge in the same section of its website its definitive  proxy  materials  filed  pursuant 
 to  Section  14  of  the  Exchange  Act,  as  soon  as  reasonably  practicable  after  A&F 
electronically files such proxy materials with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains 
electronic filings by A&F and other issuers at www.sec.gov.

A&F  has  included  certain  of  its  website  addresses  throughout  this  filing  as  textual  
references  only.  Information  on  the A&F websites shall not be deemed incorporated by reference 
into, and do not form any part of, this Annual report on Form 10-K or any other report or document 
that A&F files with or furnishes to the SEC.

Item 1A. Risk Factors

Investing  in  our  securities  involves  risk. The  following  risk  factors  should  be  read  
carefully  in  connection  with  evaluating  our business and the forward-looking statements 
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of these risk factors could lead to  material  
adverse  effects  on  our  business,  operating  results  and  financial  condition. Additional  
risks  and  uncertainties  not currently known to us or that we currently do not view as material 
may also become materially adverse our business in future periods or if circumstances change.

MACROECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY RISKS.

Changes in global economic and financial conditions could have a material adverse impact on our 
business.

Uncertainty as to the state of the global economy and global financial condition could have an 
adverse effect on our operating results  and  business.   Our  business  is  subject  to  factors  
that  affect  worldwide  economic  conditions,  including  rising  inflation (which has occurred 
and is occurring), unemployment levels, consumer credit availability, consumer debt levels, 
reductions in consumer net worth based on declines in the financial, residential real estate and 
mortgage markets, recent bank failures,  sales and  personal  income  tax  rates,  fuel  and  
energy  prices,  global  food  supplies,  interest  rates,  consumer  confidence  in  future 
economic and political conditions, consumer perceptions of personal well-being and security, the 
value of the U.S. dollar versus foreign currencies, geopolitical conflicts, and other macroeconomic 
factors. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse 
developments that affect financial institutions or other companies in the financial services 
industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of 
these kinds, have in the past and may in the  future  lead  to  market-wide  liquidity  problems  
and  volatility,  such  as  the  events  in  March  2023  wherein  certain  financial institutions 
were placed into receivership. Changes in global economic and financial conditions could impact our 
ability to fund growth and our ability to access external financing in the credit and capital 
markets.

The  economic  conditions  and  factors  described  above  could  adversely  impact  our  results  
of  operations,  liquidity  and  capital resources, and may exacerbate other risks within this 
section of “ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS”.

Consumer  confidence  and  spending  could  be  materially  impacted  by  economic  conditions,  
which  could  adversely  impact  our results of operations.

Our  business  depends  on  consumer  demand  for  our  merchandise.  Consumer  confidence  and  
discretionary  spending  habits, including purchases of our merchandise, can be adversely impacted 
by recessionary periods, inflation and other macroeconomic conditions adversely impacting levels of 
disposable income. We may not be able to accurately anticipate or predict consumer
demand and behavior, such as taste and purchasing trends, in response to adverse economic 
conditions, which could result in lower sales, excess inventories and increased mark-downs, all of 
which could negatively impact our ability to achieve or maintain profitability. In the event that 
the U.S. and global economy worsens, or if there is a decline in consumer spending levels or other
unfavorable  conditions,  we  could  experience  lower  than  expected  revenues,  which  could  
force  us  to  delay  or  slow  the implementation of our growth strategies and adversely impact 
our results of operations.

Failure  to  engage  our  customers,  anticipate  customer  demand  and  changing  fashion  trends, 
 and  manage  our  inventory commensurately could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Our  success  largely  depends  on  our  ability  to  anticipate  and  gauge  the  fashion  
preferences  of  our  customers  and  provide merchandise  that  satisfies  constantly  shifting  
demands  in  a  timely  manner.  Because  we  may  enter  into  agreements  for  the manufacture 
and purchase of merchandise well in advance of the applicable selling season, we are vulnerable to 
changes in consumer preferences and demand, pricing shifts, and the sub-optimal selection and 
timing of merchandise purchases.


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           12                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Moreover,  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  we  will  continue  to  anticipate  consumer  
demands  and  accurately  plan  inventory successfully in the future. Changing consumer preferences 
and fashion trends, and our ability to anticipate, identify and respond to them, could adversely 
impact our sales. Inventory levels for certain merchandise styles no longer considered to be “on 
trend” may  increase,  leading  to  higher  markdowns  to  sell  through  excess  inventory  and,  
therefore,  lower  than  planned  margins. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our 
merchandise, or if our manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may 
experience inventory shortages, which may negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand 
loyalty and result in lost sales.

We could also be at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to leverage data analytics to 
retrieve timely, customer insights to appropriately respond to customer demands and improve 
customer engagement. Any of these events could significantly harm our operating results and 
financial condition.

We  are  also  vulnerable  to  factors  affecting  inventory  flow  that  are  outside  our  
control,  such  as  natural  disasters  or  other unforeseen events that may significantly impact 
anticipated customer demand. If we are not able to adjust appropriately to such factors,  our  
inventory  management  may  be  negatively  affected,  which  could  adversely  impact  our  
performance  and  our reputation.

Our failure to operate effectively in a highly competitive and constantly evolving industry could 
have a material adverse impact on our business.

The sale of apparel, personal care products and accessories for men, women and kids is a highly 
competitive business with numerous  participants,  including  individual  and  chain  specialty  
apparel  retailers,  local,  regional,  national  and  international department stores, discount 
stores and online-exclusive businesses. Proliferation of the digital channel within the last few 
years has  encouraged  the  entry  of  many  new  competitors  and  an  increase  in  competition  
from  established  companies.  These increases in competition could reduce our ability to retain 
and grow sales, resulting in an adverse impact to our operating results and business.

We face a variety of challenges in the highly competitive and constantly evolving retail industry, 
including:
•      Anticipating and quickly responding to changing consumer shopping preferences better than 
our competitors;
•      Maintaining favorable brand recognition;
•      Effectively  marketing  our  products  to  consumers  across  diverse  demographic  markets, 
 including  through  social  media platforms which have become increasingly important in order to 
stay connected to our customers, as our digital sales penetration has increased.
•      Retaining  customers,  including  our  loyalty  club  members,  and  the  resulting  
increased  marketing  costs  to  acquire  new customers;
•      Developing innovative, high-quality merchandise in styles that appeal to consumers and in 
ways that favorably distinguish us from our competitors;
•      Countering  the  aggressive  pricing  and  promotional  activities  of  many  of  our  
competitors  without  diminishing  the aspirational nature of our brands and brand equity; and
•      Identifying and assessing disruptive innovation, by existing or new competitors, that could 
alter the competitive landscape by: improving the customer experience and heightening customer 
expectations; transforming supply chain and corporate operations through digital technologies and 
artificial intelligence; and enhancing management decision-making through use of data analytics to 
develop new, consumer insights.

In  addition,  in  order  to  compete  in  this  highly  competitive  and  constantly  evolving  
industry,  at  times,  we  may  launch  and/or acquire  new  brands  to  expand  our  portfolio. 
This  could  result  in  significant  financial  and  operational  investments  that  do  not 
provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return and there can be no guarantee that 
pursuing these investments will result in improved operating results.

In light of the competitive challenges we face, we may not be able to compete successfully in the 
future.

The impact of war, acts of terrorism, mass casualty events, social unrest, civil disturbance or 
disobedience could have a material adverse impact on our business

In the past, the impact of war, acts of terrorism, mass casualty events, social unrest, civil 
disturbance or disobedience and the associated heightened security measures taken in response to 
these events have disrupted commerce. Further events of this nature,  domestic  or  abroad,  
including  international  and  domestic  unrest  and  the  ongoing  conflict  in  Ukraine,  may  
disrupt commerce and undermine consumer confidence and consumer spending by causing a decline in 
traffic, store closures and a decrease in digital demand adversely affecting our operating results.

Furthermore, the existence or threat of any other unforeseen interruption of commerce, could 
negatively impact our business by interfering with the availability of raw materials or our ability 
to obtain merchandise from foreign manufacturers. With a substantial portion of our merchandise 
being imported from foreign countries, failure to obtain merchandise from our foreign manufacturers 
or  substitute  other  manufacturers,  at  similar  costs  and  in  a  timely  manner,  could  
adversely  affect  our  operating  results  and financial condition.

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           13                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents


Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and our ability to mitigate the effects of such 
volatility and our ability to mitigate the effects of such volatility could have a material adverse 
impact on our business.

Due to our international operations, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with 
respect to our sales, profits, assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  currencies  other  than  
the  U.S.  dollar.  In  addition,  certain  of  our  subsidiaries  transact  in currencies other 
than their functional currency, including intercompany transactions, which results in foreign 
currency transaction gains or losses. Furthermore, we purchase substantially all of our inventory 
in U.S. dollars. As a result, our sales, gross profit and gross profit rate from international 
operations will be negatively impacted during periods of a strengthened U.S. dollar relative to the 
functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. Additionally, changes in the effectiveness of 
our hedging instruments may negatively impact our ability to mitigate the risks associated with 
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. For example, changes in inventory purchase 
assumptions have resulted in changes in the effectiveness to certain of our hedging instruments, 
and we could see similar impacts in future periods.

Fluctuations  in  foreign  currency  exchange  rates  could  adversely  impact  consumer  spending, 
 delay  or  prevent  successful penetration into new markets or adversely affect the profitability 
of our international operations. Certain events, such as the on-going conflict in Ukraine, the 
ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and uncertainty with respect to trade policies, tariffs 
and government regulations and actions affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, have 
increased global economic and political uncertainty in recent years and could result in volatility 
of foreign currency exchange rates as these events develop.

Pandemics,  epidemics,  or  other  public  health  crises  such  as  the  COVID-19  pandemic  may  
continue  to  materially  adversely impact and cause disruption to our business.

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial 
performance and condition, operating results and cash flows, and may continue to materially 
adversely impact and cause disruption to our business in the future. Adverse  impacts  of  the  
COVID-19  pandemic  experienced  by  the  Company  to  date  include  supply  chain  disruptions, 
inflationary pressures including higher freight and labor costs, labor shortages, weak store 
traffic, temporary store closures and reclosures of factories in certain regions. Despite the 
availability of COVID-19 vaccines, the pandemic continues to evolve, with resurgences and outbreaks 
occurring in various parts of the world, including those resulting from variants of the virus.

A pandemic  or  other  public  health  crisis,  including  the  emergence  of  new  COVID-19  
variants,  poses  the  risk  that  we  or  our employees, customers, vendors and manufacturers may 
be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to 
the spread of the disease or shutdowns requested or mandated by governmental authorities. The 
impact of regulations imposed in the future in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or other public 
health crises, could, among other things, require that we close our stores or distribution centers 
or otherwise make it difficult or impossible to operate our business.

Other factors that would negatively impact our ability to successfully operate during the ongoing 
COVID-19 pandemic include, but are not limited to:
•      Our ability to keep our stores open if there is a re-emergence or increase in infection 
rate;
•      Our ability to attract customers to our stores, given the risks, or perceived risks, of 
gathering in public places;
•      Supply  chain  delays  due  to  closed  factories,  reduced  workforces,  scarcity  of  raw  
materials  and  scrutiny,  as  well  as carrier constraints due to an increase in digital sales;
•      Delays  in,  or  our  ability  to  complete,  planned  store  openings  on  the  expected  
terms  or  timing,  or  at  all  based  on shortages in labor and materials and delays in the 
production and delivery of materials;
•      Associates, whether our own or those of our third-party vendors, working offsite through 
work from home arrangements may  rely  on  residential  communication  networks  and  internet  
providers  and  may  be  more  susceptible  to  service interruptions  and  cyberattacks,  and,  
this  could  result  in  an  increase  in  phishing  and  other  scams,  fraud,  money laundering, 
theft and other criminal activity;
•      Our  ability to  preserve liquidity to  be able to  take  advantage of market  conditions  
during periods of temporary  store closures; and
•      Difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and a severe 
disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deterioration in credit and financing 
conditions may affect our access to capital necessary to fund business operations or address 
maturing liabilities.

The factors described above may exacerbate other risks within this section of “ITEM 1A. RISK 
FACTORS”. Any future outbreak of any other highly infectious or contagious disease could also have 
a material adverse impact on our business.

Our ability to attract customers to our stores depends, in part, on the success of the shopping 
malls or area attractions that our stores are located in or around.







Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           14                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Our stores are primarily located in shopping malls and other shopping centers. Our sales at these 
stores, as well as sales at our flagship locations, are partially dependent upon the volume of 
traffic in those shopping centers and the surrounding area which, for some centers, has been in 
decline. Our stores may benefit from the ability of a shopping center’s other tenants and area 
attractions to  generate consumer  traffic  in the  vicinity  of our stores  and the  continuing  
popularity of the  shopping  center.  We cannot control the loss of a significant tenant in a 
shopping mall or area attraction, the development of new shopping malls in the
U.S. or around the world, the availability or cost of appropriate locations or the success of 
individual shopping malls and there is competition with other retailers for prominent locations.

Prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the retail industry generally was facing declines in 
shopping mall traffic, and if the popularity of shopping malls declines among our customers, our 
sales may decline, and it may be appropriate to exit leases earlier than originally anticipated.

While  U.S.  Company-operated  stores  have  been  fully  reopened  for  in-store  service  
following  widespread  temporary  store closures due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we may see 
additional temporary closures in certain geographic areas as outbreaks of COVID-19 cases could 
continue to occur and localized responses remain unpredictable. Furthermore, declines in store 
traffic beyond our current expectations could result in additional impairment charges. While we 
were successful in obtaining certain rent abatements and landlord concessions of rent payable as a 
result of COVID-19 store closures, we may be limited in our ability to obtain rent abatements or 
landlord concessions of rent otherwise payable going forward.

All  of  these  factors  may  impact  our  ability  to  meet  our  productivity  or  our  growth  
objectives  for  our  stores  and  could  have  a material adverse impact on our financial 
condition or results of operations. Part of our future growth is dependent on our ability to 
operate  stores  in  desirable  locations,  with  capital  investment  and  lease  costs  providing 
 the  opportunity  to  earn  a  reasonable return. We cannot be sure when or whether such desirable 
locations will become available at reasonable costs.

The  impact  of  natural  disasters,  negative  climate  patterns,  public  health  crises,  
political  crises  and  other  unexpected  and catastrophic events could result in interruptions to 
our operations, as well as to the operations of our third-party partners, and have a material 
adverse impact on our business.

Our retail stores, corporate offices, distribution centers, infrastructure projects and digital 
operations, as well as the operations of our  vendors  and  manufacturers,  are  vulnerable  to  
disruption  from  natural  disasters,  such  as  hurricanes,  tornadoes,  floods, earthquakes, 
extreme cold events and other adverse weather events; negative climate patterns, such as those in 
domestic and global  water-stressed  regions;  public  health  crises,  such  as  pandemics  and  
epidemics  (including  the  ongoing  COVID-19 pandemic);  political  crises,  such  as  terrorists  
attacks,  war,  labor,  unrest  and  other  political  instability;  significant  power 
interruptions or outages; and other unexpected, catastrophic events. These events could disrupt the 
operations of our corporate offices, global stores and supply chain and those of our third-party 
partners, including our vendors and manufacturers. In addition to immediate impacts on global 
operations, these events could result in a reduction in the availability and quality of raw 
materials used to manufacture our merchandise, delays in merchandise fulfillment and deliveries, 
loss of customers and revenues due to store closures and inability to respond to customer demand, 
increased costs to meet consumer demand (which we may not be able to pass on to customers), reduced 
consumer confidence or changes in consumers’ discretionary spending habits.

Historically,  our  operations  have  been  seasonal,  and  natural  disasters  or  unseasonable  
weather  conditions,  may  diminish demand for our seasonal merchandise and could also influence 
consumer preferences and fashion trends, consumer traffic and shopping habits. In addition, to the 
extent natural disasters cause physical losses to our stores, distribution centers or offices, we 
may incur costs that exceed our applicable insurance coverage for any necessary repairs to damages 
or business disruption.

STRATEGIC RISKS.

Our failure to successfully execute on our Always Forward Plan.

In 2022 we introduced our Always Forward Plan as our long-term strategic plan, as described in 
“ITEM 1. BUSINESS.” Our ability to successfully execute on our Always Forward Plan is subject to 
various risks and uncertainties as described herein.

We believe that our Always Forward Plan will lead to long-term revenue growth and increased 
profitability, however, there is no assurance  regarding  the  extent  to  which  we  will  realize 
 the  anticipated  objectives,  if  at  all,  or  regarding  the  timing  of  such anticipated 
benefits. Our failure to realize the anticipated objectives, which may be due to our inability to 
execute on the various elements  of  our  Always  Forward  Plan,  changes  in  consumer  demand,  
competition,  macroeconomic  conditions  (including inflation), retention of key talent, and other 
risks described herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

If the execution of our Always Forward Plan is not successful, or we do not realize the objectives 
to the extent or in the timeline that we anticipate, our financial condition and reputation could 
be adversely affected.

Failure to continue to successfully manage the complexities of our customers’ omnichannel shopping 
experience, or failure to continue  to  successfully  invest  in  customer,  digital  and  
omnichannel  initiatives  could  have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  our business.


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           15                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

As omnichannel retailing continues to evolve, our customers increasingly interact with our brands 
through a variety of media and expect seamless integration across all touchpoints. As our success 
depends on our ability to effectively manage the complexities of our customers’ omnichannel 
shopping experience, including our ability to respond to shifting consumer traffic patterns and 
engage our customers, we have made significant investments and operational changes to develop our 
digital and omnichannel capabilities globally, including the development of localized fulfillment, 
shipping and customer service operations, investments in digital media to attract new customers and 
the rollout of omnichannel capabilities listed in “ITEM 1. BUSINESS.”

While we must keep up to date with  technology trends in the retail environment in order to manage 
our successful omnichannel shopping  experience,  it  is  possible  these  initiatives  may  not  
provide  the  anticipated  benefits  or  desired  rates  of  return.  For example,  we  could  be  
at  a  competitive  disadvantage  if  we  are  unable  to  leverage  data  analytics  to  retrieve  
timely,  customer insights  to  appropriately  respond  to  customer  demands  and  improve  
customer  engagement  across  channels  or  if  innovative digital products and features we develop 
are not utilized or received by customers as anticipated.

In addition, digital operations are subject to numerous risks, including reliance on third-party 
computer hardware/software and service  providers,  data  breaches,  the  increased  rate  of  
merchandise  returns,  violations  of  evolving  laws  and  regulations, including  those  relating 
 to  online  privacy,  credit  card  fraud,  telecommunication  failures,  electronic  break-ins  
and  similar compromises, and disruption of internet service. Changes in foreign governmental 
regulations may also negatively impact our ability to deliver product to our customers. Failure to 
successfully respond to these risks may adversely affect sales as well as damage the reputation of 
our brands.

Our failure to optimize our global store network could have a material adverse impact on our 
business.

With  the  evolution  of  digital  and  omnichannel  capabilities,  customer  expectations  have  
shifted  and  there  has  been  greater pressure  for  a  seamless  omnichannel  experience  across 
 all  channels.   As  a  result,  global  store  network  optimization  is  an important part of 
our business and failure to optimize our global store network could have an adverse impact on our 
results of operations.
The ability to open new stores experiences and modify existing leases requires partnership with our 
landlords. If our partnerships with our landlords were to deteriorate, this could adversely affect 
the pace of opening new store experiences and/or lead to an increase  in  store  closures.  In  
addition,  if  there  is  an  increase  in  events  such  as  landlord  bankruptcies,  or  mall  
foreclosures, competition between retailers could increase for remaining suitable store locations. 
Pursuing the wrong opportunities and any delays,  cost  increases,  disruptions  or  other  
uncertainties  related  to  those  opportunities  could  adversely  affect  our  results  of 
operations. If our investments in new stores or remodeling and right-sizing existing stores do not 
achieve appropriate returns, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely 
affected.

Although  we  attempt  to  open  new  stores  in  prominent  locations,  it  is  possible  that  
locations  which  were  prominent  when  we opened our stores may lose favor over time.

Our inability to effectively conduct business in international markets, including as a result of 
legal, tax, regulatory, political and economic risks could have a material adverse impact on our 
business.

We operate on a global basis and are subject to risks associated with international operations that 
could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations if we 
fail to address them.

Such risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
•      addressing the different operational requirements present in each country in which we 
operate, including those related to employment and labor, transportation, logistics, real estate, 
lease provisions and local reporting or legal requirements;
•      supporting global growth by successfully implementing local customer and product-facing 
teams and certain corporate support functions at our regional headquarters located in Shanghai, 
China and London, United Kingdom;
•      hiring, training and retaining qualified personnel;
•      maintaining good labor relations with individual associates and groups of associates;
•      avoiding work stoppages or other labor-related issues in our European stores, where some 
associates are represented by workers’ councils and unions;
•      retaining acceptance from foreign customers;
•      managing inventory effectively to meet the needs of existing stores on a timely basis;
•      political, civil and social unrest, such as the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and escalating 
China-Taiwan tensions;
•      government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, including 
tariffs and customs laws;
•      tax rate volatility and our ability to realize tax benefits resulting from non-U.S. 
operations;
•      managing foreign currency exchange rate risks effectively;
•      substantial investments of time and resources in our global operations may not result in 
achievement of acceptable levels of returns; for example, we recently have experienced 
year-over-year declines in revenues from our international operations; and
•      continued and sustained declines in our international revenues could lead to store closures, 
restructuring costs, and impairment losses, all of which could adversely impact our business, 
profitability, and results of operations.



Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           16                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

We are subject to domestic laws related to international operations, including the Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act, in addition to the laws of the foreign countries in which we operate. If any of our 
overseas operations, or our associates or agents, violate such laws, we could become subject to 
sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business and operating 
results.

Our  failure  to  appropriately  address  Environmental,  Social,  and  Governance  (ESG)  matters  
could  have  a  material  adverse impact on our reputation and, as a result, our business.

There is an increased focus from certain government regulators, investors, customers, associates, 
business partners and other stakeholders concerning ESG matters.

The expectations related to ESG matters are rapidly evolving, and, from time to time, we announce 
certain initiatives and goals, related  to  ESG  matters,  such  as  those  through  our  
participation  in  the  United  Nations  Global  Compact.  We  could  fail,  or  be perceived to 
fail to act responsibly, in our ESG efforts, or we could fail in accurately reporting our progress 
on such initiatives and goals. In addition, we could be criticized for the speed of adoption of 
such initiatives or goals, or the scope of such initiatives or goals. As a result, we could suffer 
negative publicity and our reputation could be adversely impacted, which in turn could have a 
negative impact on investor perception and our products' acceptance by consumers. This may also 
impact our ability to attract and retain talent to compete in the marketplace.

There  is  also  uncertainty  regarding  potential  laws,  regulations,  and  policies  related  to 
 ESG  and  global  environmental sustainability  matters,  including  disclosure  obligations  and  
reporting  on  such  matters.  Changes  in  the  legal  or  regulatory environment  affecting  ESG  
disclosure,  responsible  sourcing,  supply  chain  transparency,  or  environmental  protection,  
among others, including regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions, to 
discourage the use of plastic or to limit or to impose additional costs on commercial water use may 
result in increased costs for us and our business partners, all of which may negatively impact our 
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

OPERATIONAL RISKS.

Failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical and public perception about our products or 
operations, whether justified or not, could impair our reputation, involve us in litigation, damage 
our brands and have a material adverse impact on our business.

Events that could jeopardize our reputation, include, but are not limited to, the following:
•      We fail to maintain high standards for merchandise quality and integrity;
•      We fall victim to a cyber-attack, resulting in customer data being compromised;
•      We fail to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, health and safety, legal, accounting 
or environmental standards, or related political considerations;
•      Our associates’ actions don’t align with our values and fail to comply with our Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics;
•      Third parties with which we have a business relationship, including our brand 
representatives and influencer network, fail to represent our brands in a manner consistent with 
our brand image or act in a way that harms their reputation;
•      Third-party vendors fail to comply with our Vendor Code of Conduct or any third parties with 
which we have a business relationship with fail to represent our brands in a manner consistent with 
our brand image;
•      Unfavorable media publicity and consumer perception of our products, operations, brand or 
experience; and
•      Our  position  or  perceived  lack  of  position  on  ESG,  public  policy  or  other  
similar  issues  and  any  perceived  lack  of transparency about those matters.

In addition, in recent years there has been an increase in media platforms, particularly, social 
media and our use of social media platforms is an important element of our omnichannel marketing 
efforts. For example, we maintain various social media accounts for  our  brands,  including  
Instagram, TikTok,  Facebook, Twitter  and  Pinterest  accounts.  Negative  publicity  or  actions  
taken  by individuals that we partner with, such as brand representatives, influencers or our 
associates, that fail to represent our brands in a manner consistent with our brand image or act in 
a way that harms their reputation, whether through our social media accounts or their own, could 
harm our brand reputation and materially impact our business. Social media also allows for anyone 
to provide public feedback, which could influence perceptions of our brands and reduce demand for 
our merchandise.

Damage  to  our  reputation  and  loss  of  consumer  confidence  for  these  or  any  other  
reasons  could  lead  to  adverse  consumer actions, including boycotts, have negative impacts on 
investor perception and could impact our ability to attract and retain the talent necessary to 
compete in the marketplace, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, as 
well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.

If our information technology systems are disrupted or cease to operate effectively, it could have 
a material adverse impact on our business.




Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           17                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

We rely heavily on our information technology systems in both our customer-facing and corporate 
operations to: operate our websites and mobile apps; record and process transactions; respond to 
customer inquiries; manage inventory; purchase, sell and  ship  merchandise  on  a  timely  basis;  
maintain  cost-efficient  operations;  create  a  customer  relationship  management database  
through  our  loyalty  programs;  and  complete  other  customer-facing  and  business  objectives. 
 Given  the  significant number  of  transactions  that  are  completed  annually,  it  is  vital  
to  maintain  constant  operation  of  our  computer  hardware, telecommunication systems and 
software systems, and maintain data security. Despite efforts to prevent such an occurrence, our  
information  technology  systems  may  be  vulnerable,  from  time  to  time,  to  damage  or  
interruption  from  computer  viruses, power  interruptions  or  outages  or  other  system  
failures,  third-party  intrusions,  inadvertent  or  intentional  breaches  by  our associates  or 
 third-party  service  providers,  and  other  technical  malfunctions.  If  our  systems  are  
damaged,  fail  to  function properly, or are obsolete in comparison to those of our competition, 
we may have to make monetary investments to repairs or replace the systems and we could endure 
delays in our operations. We have made and expect to continue to make significant monetary  
investments  and  devote  significant  attention  to  modernizing  our  core  systems,  and  the  
effectiveness  of  these investments can be less predictable than others and may fail to provide 
the expected benefits.

We  regularly  evaluate  our  information  technology  systems  and  requirements  to  ensure  
appropriate  functionality  and  use  in response to business demands. For example, we have started 
a multi-year process of upgrading our merchandising enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system. We 
are aware of the inherent risks associated with replacing and modifying these systems, including 
inaccurate system information, system disruptions and user acceptance and understanding. Any 
material disruption or slowdown  of  our  systems,  including  a  disruption  or  slowdown  caused  
by  our  failure  to  successfully  upgrade  or  replace  our systems could impact our ability to 
effectively manage and maintain our inventory, to ship products to customers on a timely basis,  
and  may  cause  information  to  be  lost  or  delayed,  including  data  related  to  customer  
orders.  Such  a  loss  or  delay, especially if the disruption or slowdown occurred during our 
peak selling seasons, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In 
addition the upgrading of our ERP system requires significant financial and operational 
investments, and such investments may not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of 
returns.

We may be exposed to risks and costs associated with cyber-attacks, data protection, credit card 
fraud and identity theft that could have a material adverse impact on our business.

In the standard course of business, we receive and maintain confidential information about 
customers, associates and other third parties. In addition, third parties also receive and maintain 
certain confidential information. The protection of this information is critical to our business 
and subjects us to numerous laws, rules and regulations domestically and in foreign jurisdictions. 
The retail industry in particular has been the target of many cyber-attacks and it is possible that 
an individual or group could defeat our  security  measures,  or  those  of  a  third-party  
service  provider,  and  access  confidential  information  about  our  business, customers and 
associates. Further, like other companies in the retail industry, during the ordinary course of 
business, we and our vendors have in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, 
cyber-attacks of varying degrees and types, including phishing, and other attempts to breach, or 
gain unauthorized access to, our systems. To date, cyber attacks have not had a material impact on 
our operations, but we cannot provide assurance that cyber attacks will not have a material impact 
in the future.

We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience increased costs associated with 
protecting confidential information through the implementation of security technologies, processes 
and procedures, including training programs for associates to raise awareness about phishing, 
malware and other cyber risks, especially as we implement new technologies, such as new payment 
capabilities or updates to our mobile apps and websites. Additionally, the techniques and 
sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches of information technology systems change 
frequently and increase in complexity and are often not recognized  until  such  attacks  are  
launched  or  have  been  in  place  for  a  period  of  time.  We  may  not  have  the  resources  
or technical sophistication to anticipate, prevent, or immediately identify and remediate 
cyber-attacks.

Furthermore,  the  global  regulatory  environment  is  increasingly  complex  and  demanding  with 
 frequent  new  and  changing requirements  surrounding  information  security  and  privacy,  
including  new  regulations  applicable  to  public  companies  in  the United  States,  China’s  
Cybersecurity  Law,  the  California  Consumer  Privacy  Act,  and  the  European  Union’s  General 
 Data Protection Regulation. We may incur significant costs related to compliance with these laws 
and failure to comply with these regulatory standards, and others, could have a material adverse 
impact on our business.

We have also implemented a flexible work policy allowing most of our corporate associates to work 
remotely, from time to time, as  have  certain  of  our  third-party  vendors.  Offsite  working  
by  associates,  which  requires  increased  use  of  public  internet connection, and use of 
office equipment off premises may make our business more vulnerable to cybersecurity breach 
attempts, phishing and other scams, fraud, money laundering, theft and other criminal activity.

If  we,  or  a  third-party  partner,  were  to  fall  victim  to  a  successful  cyber-attack  or  
suffer  intentional  or  unintentional  data  and security breaches by associates or third-parties, 
it could have a material adverse impact on our business, especially an event that  compromises  
customer  data  or  results  in  the  unauthorized  release  of  confidential  business  or  
customer  information.  In addition,  if  we  are  unable  to  avert  a  denial  of  service  
attack  that  renders  our  website  inoperable,  it  could  result  in  negative consequences, 
such as lost sales and customer dissatisfaction. Additional negative consequences that could result 
from these and similar events may include, but are not limited to:


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           18                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

•      remediation costs, such as liability for stolen assets or information, potential legal 
settlements to affected parties, repairs of  system  damage,  and  incentives  to  customers  or  
business  partners  in  an  effort  to  maintain  relationships  after  an attack;
•      increased  cybersecurity  protection  costs,  which  may  include  the  costs  of  making  
organizational  changes,  deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training 
associates, and engaging third party experts and consultants;
•      lost revenues resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure 
to retain or attract customers following an attack;
•      litigation  and  legal  risks,  including  costs  of  litigation  and  regulatory,  fines,  
penalties  or  actions  by  domestic  or international governmental authorities;
•      increased insurance premiums, or the ability to obtain insurance on commercially reasonable 
terms;
•      reputational damage that adversely affects customer or investor confidence; and
•      damage to the Company’s competitiveness, stock price, and long-term shareholder value.

Although we maintain cybersecurity insurance, there can be no assurance that it will be sufficient 
for a specific cyber incident, or that insurance proceeds will be paid to us in a timely fashion.

Our reliance on our distribution centers makes us susceptible to disruptions or adverse conditions 
affecting our supply chain.

Our  distribution  center  operations  are  susceptible  to  local  and  regional  factors,  such  
as  system  failures,  accidents,  labor disputes,  economic  and  weather  conditions,  natural  
disasters,  significant  power  interruptions  or  outages,  demographic  and population changes, 
and other unforeseen events and circumstances. We rely on our distribution centers to manage the 
receipt, storage,  sorting,  packing  and  distribution  of  our  merchandise.  If  our  
distribution  centers  are  not  adequate  to  support  our operations,  including  as  a  result  
of  capacity  constraints  in  response  to  an  increase  in  digital  sales,  the  increased  
rate  of merchandise returns, we could experience adverse impacts such as shipping delays and or 
customer dissatisfaction. In addition, if  our  distribution  operations  were  disrupted  due  to, 
 for  example,  labor  shortages,  natural  disasters  or  power  interruptions  or outages,  and  
we  were  unable  to  relocate  operations  or  find  other  property  adequate  for  conducting  
business,  our  ability  to replace inventory in our stores and process digital and third-party 
orders could be interrupted, potentially resulting in adverse impacts to sales or increased costs. 
Refer to “ITEM 1. BUSINESS,” for a listing of certain distribution centers on which we rely.

Changes in the cost, availability and quality of raw materials, transportation and labor, including 
changes due to trade relations could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Changes in the cost, availability and quality of the fabrics or other raw materials used to 
manufacture our merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our cost of sales, or our 
ability to meet customer demand. The prices for such fabrics depend largely on the market prices 
for the raw materials used to produce them, particularly cotton. The price and availability of such 
raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, including crop yields, 
weather patterns and other unforeseen events. For example, significant inflationary pressures have 
and may continue to impact the cost of labor, cotton and other raw materials. Increased global 
uncertainty has also impacted and may in the future impact the cost, availability and quality of 
the fabrics or other raw materials used to manufacture our merchandise, and compliance with 
sanctions, customs trade orders and sourcing laws, such as those issued by the U.S. government 
related to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and entities and  individuals connected to China’s 
Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, could impact the price of cotton in the marketplace and the 
global supply chain.

Fluctuations  in  the  cost  of  transportation  could  also  have  a  material  adverse  effect  
on  our  cost  of  sales  and  ability  to  meet customer demand. We primarily use seven contract 
carriers to ship merchandise and related materials to our North American customers, and several 
contract carriers for our international customers. If the shipping operations of these third 
parties were disrupted, and we are unable to respond in a quick and efficient manner, our ability 
to replace inventory in our stores and process digital  and  third-party  orders  could  be  
interrupted,  potentially  resulting  in  adverse  impacts  to  sales  or  increased  costs. 
Furthermore, we are susceptible to increases in fuel costs which may increase the cost of 
distribution. If we are not able to pass this cost on to our customers, our financial condition and 
results of operations could be adversely affected.

In  addition,  we  have  experienced  increasing  wage  pressures  in  recent  years  related  to  
the  cost  of  labor  at  our  third-party manufacturers, at our distribution centers and at our 
stores. For example, recent government initiatives in the U.S. or changes to existing laws, such as 
the adoption and implementation of national, state, or local government proposals relating to 
increases in minimum wage rates, may increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our 
results of operations. We may not be able to pass all or a portion of higher labor costs on to our 
customers, which could adversely affect our gross margin and results of operations.









Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           19                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

We  depend  upon  independent  third  parties  for  the  manufacture  and  delivery  of  all  our  
merchandise,  and  a  disruption  of  the manufacture or delivery of our merchandise could have a 
material adverse impact on our business.

We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. As a result, the continued success of our 
operations is tied to our timely receipt of quality merchandise from third-party manufacturers. We 
source the majority of our merchandise outside of the U.S. through arrangements with approximately 
119 vendors, primarily located in southeast Asia. Political, social or economic instability in the 
regions in which our manufacturers are located could cause disruptions in trade, including exports 
to the U.S. In addition, the inability of vendors to access liquidity, or the insolvency of 
vendors, could lead to their failure to deliver merchandise to us. A manufacturer’s inability to 
ship orders in a timely manner or meet our quality standards could cause delays in responding to 
consumer demand and negatively affect consumer confidence or negatively impact our competitive 
position, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results 
of operations.

All factories that we partner with are contractually required to adhere to the Company’s Vendor 
Code of Conduct, go through social audits which include on-site walk-throughs to appraise the 
physical working conditions and health and safety practices, and review payroll and age 
documentation. If these factories are unwilling or not able to meet the standards set forth within 
the Company’s  Vendor  Code  of  Conduct,  it  could  limit  the  options  available  to  us  and  
could  result  in  an  increase  of  costs  of manufacturing, which we may not be able to pass on 
to our customers.

Other events that could disrupt the timely delivery of our merchandise include new trade law 
provisions or regulations, reliance on a limited number of shipping carriers and associated 
alliances, weather events, significant labor disputes, port congestion and other unexpected events, 
such as COVID-19.

We  rely  on  the  experience  and  skills  of  our  executive  officers  and  associates,  and  
the  failure  to  attract  or  retain  this  talent, effectively manage succession, and establish a 
diverse workforce could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Our ability to succeed may be adversely impacted if we are not able to attract, retain and develop 
talent and future leaders, including our executive officers. We believe that the attraction, 
retention and management of qualified talent is integral to our success  in  advancing  our  
strategies  and  key  business  priorities  and  avoiding  disruptions  in  our  business.  We  
rely  on  our associates  across  the  organization,  including  those  at our corporate  offices, 
stores and  distribution  centers,  as  well  as  their experience and expertise in the retail 
business.

Our executive officers closely supervise all aspects of our operations, have substantial experience 
and expertise in the retail business and have an integral role in the growth and success of our 
brands. If we were to lose the benefit of the involvement of our executive officers or other 
personnel, without adequate succession plans, our business could be adversely affected.

In  addition,  if  we  are  unable  to  attract  and  retain  talent  at  the  associate  level,  
our  business  could  be  adversely  impacted. Competition  for  such  qualified  talent  is  
intense,  and  we  cannot  be  sure  that  we  will  be  able  to  attract,  retain  and  develop  
a sufficient number of qualified individuals in future periods. In addition, we cannot guarantee 
that we will be able to find adequate temporary or seasonal personnel to staff our operations when 
needed. For example, as automation, artificial intelligence and similar  technological  
advancements  continue  to  evolve,  we  may  need  to  compete  for  talent  that  is  familiar  
with  these advancements in technologies in order to compete effectively with our industry peers. 
If we are not successful in these efforts, our business may be adversely affected.

If we are not successful in these efforts or fail to successfully execute against the key human 
capital management initiatives discussed in “ITEM 1. BUSINESS,” our business could be adversely 
impacted.

If we identify a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, fail to 
remediate a material weakness, or fail to establish and maintain effective internal control over 
financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be 
adversely affected.

The  effectiveness  of  any  controls  or  procedures  is  subject  to  certain  inherent  
limitations,  and  as  a  result,  there  can  be  no assurance that our controls and procedures 
will prevent or detect misstatements. Even an effective system of internal control over  financial  
reporting  will  provide  only  reasonable,  not  absolute,  assurance  with  respect  to  
financial  statement  preparation. Also,  projections  of  any  evaluations  of  effectiveness  to  
future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.

If we fail to remediate a material weakness, or are otherwise unable to maintain effective internal 
control over financial reporting, management  could  be  required  to  expend  significant  
resources.  Additionally,  we  could  fail  to  meet  our  public  reporting requirements on a 
timely basis, and be subject to fines, penalties, investigations or judgements, all of which could 
negatively affect investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price.






Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           20                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

LEGAL, TAX, REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE RISKS.

Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility in our results 
of operations could have a material adverse impact on our business.

We are subject to income taxes in many U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. In addition, our products 
are subject to import and excise duties  and/or  sales,  consumption  or  value-added  taxes  
(“VAT”)  in  many  jurisdictions.  We  record  tax  expense  based  on  our estimates of future 
payments, which include reserves for estimates of probable settlements of foreign and domestic tax 
audits. At any time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. The 
results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement 
of these issues. As a result, we expect that throughout the year, there could be ongoing 
variability in our quarterly tax rates as taxable events occur and exposures are evaluated. In 
addition, our effective tax rate in any given financial reporting period may be materially impacted 
by changes in the mix and level of earnings or losses by taxing jurisdictions or by changes to 
existing accounting rules or regulations. Fluctuations in duties could also have a material impact 
on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

In some international markets, we are required to hold and submit VAT to the appropriate local tax 
authorities. Failure to correctly calculate or submit the appropriate amounts could subject us to 
substantial fines and penalties that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, 
results of operations or cash flows.

The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, along with members of its inclusive 
framework, have through the Base  Erosion  and  Profit  Shifting  project,  proposed  changes  to  
numerous  long-standing  tax  principles.  These  proposals,  if finalized  and  adopted  by  the  
associated  countries,  will  likely  increase  tax  complexity,  and  may  both  create  
uncertainty  and adversely affect our provision for income taxes.

In the past, tax law has been enacted, domestically and abroad, impacting our current or future tax 
structure and effective tax rate, such as the Inflation Reduction Act in the U.S. Tax law may be 
enacted in the future, domestically or abroad, that impacts our current or future tax structure and 
effective tax rate.

Litigation and any future stockholder activism, could have a material adverse impact on our 
business.

We, along with third parties we do business with, are involved, from time to time, in litigation 
arising in the ordinary course of business. Litigation matters may include, but are not limited to, 
contract disputes, employment-related actions, labor relations, commercial litigation, intellectual 
property rights, product safety, environmental matters and shareholder actions.

Litigation, in general, may be expensive and disruptive. We cannot predict with certainty the 
outcomes of these legal proceedings and  other  contingencies,  and  the  costs  incurred  in  
litigation  can  be  substantial,  regardless  of  the  outcome.  Substantial unanticipated 
verdicts, fines and rulings do sometimes occur.  As a result, we could, from time to time, incur 
judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain 
matters, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in 
the period in which the amounts are accrued and/or our cash flows in the period in which the 
amounts are paid.  The outcome of some of these legal proceedings and other contingencies could 
require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations 
and, depending on the nature of the allegations, could negatively impact our reputation. 
Additionally, defending against these legal proceedings may involve significant expense and 
diversion of management’s attention and resources.

Stockholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, remains 
popular with many public investors. Due  to  the  potential  volatility  of  our  stock  price  and 
 for  a  variety  of  other  reasons,  we  may  become  the  target  of  securities litigation or 
stockholder activism. Responding to stockholder activists campaigns may involve significant expense 
and diversion of management’s attention and resources without yielding any improvement in our 
results of operations or financial condition.

Failure to adequately protect our trademarks or otherwise defend intellectual property could have a 
negative impact on our brand image and limit our ability to penetrate new markets which could have 
a material adverse impact on our business.

We believe our core trademarks, Abercrombie & Fitch®, abercrombie®, Hollister®, Gilly Hicks®, 
Social Tourist® and the “Moose” and  “Seagull”  logos,  are  essential  to  the  effective  
implementation  of  our  strategy.  We  have  obtained  or  applied  for  federal registration of 
these trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the registries of countries in key 
markets within the  Company’s  sales  and  distribution  channels.  In  addition,  these  
trademarks  are  either  registered,  or  the  Company  has applications  for  registration  
pending,  with  the  registries  of  many  of  the  foreign  countries  in  which  the  
manufacturers  of  the Company’s products are located. There can be no assurance that we will 
obtain registrations that have been applied for or that the registrations we obtain will prevent 
the imitation of our products or infringement of our intellectual property rights by others. 
Although brand security initiatives are in place, we cannot guarantee that our efforts against the 
counterfeiting of our brands will be successful. If a third party copies our products in a manner 
that projects lesser quality or carries a negative connotation, our brand image could be materially 
adversely affected.




Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           21                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Because we have not yet registered all of our trademarks in all categories, or in all foreign 
countries in which we source or offer our merchandise now, or may in the future, our international 
expansion and our merchandising of products using these marks could be limited. The pending 
applications for international registration of various trademarks could be challenged or rejected 
in those  countries  because  third  parties  of  whom  we  are  not  currently  aware  have  
already  registered  similar  marks  in  those countries. Accordingly,  it  may  be  possible,  in  
those  foreign  countries  where  the  status  of  various  applications  is  pending  or unclear,  
for  a  third-party  owner  of  the  national  trademark  registration  for  a  similar  mark  to  
prohibit  the  manufacture,  sale  or exportation of branded goods in or from that country. Failure 
to register our trademarks or purchase or license the right to use our trademarks or logos in these 
jurisdictions could limit our ability to obtain supplies from, or manufacture in, less costly 
markets or penetrate new markets should our business plan include selling our merchandise in those 
non-U.S. jurisdictions.

Additionally, if a third party claims to have licensing rights with respect to merchandise we have 
produced or purchased from a vendor,  we  may  be  obligated  to  remove  this  merchandise  from  
our  inventory  offering  and  incur  related  costs,  and  could  be subject  to  liability  under 
 various  civil  and  criminal  causes  of  action,  including  actions  to  recover  unpaid  
royalties  and  other damages.

Changes in the regulatory or compliance landscape could have a material adverse impact on our 
business.

We are subject to numerous domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including those related to 
customs, truth-in-advertising, securities, consumer protection, general privacy, health information 
privacy, identity theft, online privacy, general employment, employee health and safety, minimum 
wages, unsolicited commercial communication and zoning and occupancy laws, as well as ordinances  
that  regulate  retailers  generally  and/or  govern  the  importation,  intellectual  property,  
promotion  and  sale  of merchandise and the operation of retail stores, digital operations and 
distribution centers. If these laws and regulations were to change, or were violated by our 
management, associates, suppliers, vendors or other parties with whom we do business, the costs of 
certain merchandise could increase, or we could experience delays in shipments of our merchandise, 
be subject to fines or penalties, temporary or permanent store closures, or increased regulatory 
scrutiny or suffer reputational harm, which could reduce demand for our merchandise and adversely 
affect our business and results of operations. Any changes in regulations, the imposition of 
additional regulations, or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation including the 
areas referenced above, could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Laws  and  regulations  at  the  local,  state,  federal  and  various  international  levels  
frequently  change,  and  the  ultimate  cost  of compliance cannot be precisely estimated. Changes 
in the legal or regulatory environment affecting responsible sourcing, supply chain  transparency,  
or  environmental  protection,  among  others,  may  result  in  increased  compliance  costs  for  
us  and  our business  partners.  Additionally,  we  may  face  regulatory  challenges  in  
complying  with  applicable  global  sanctions  and  trade regulations  and  reputational  
challenges  with  our  consumers  and  other  stakeholders  if  we  are  unable  to  sufficiently  
verify  the origins of material sourced for the manufacture of our products.

In addition, we are subject to a variety of regulatory and reporting requirements, including, but 
not limited to, those related to corporate governance and public disclosure. Stockholder activism, 
the current political environment, financial reform legislation, government  intervention  and  
regulatory  reform  may  lead  to  substantial  new  regulations  and  disclosure  obligations.  
New requirements or changes in current regulatory reporting requirements may introduce additional 
complexities, lead to additional compliance costs, divert management’s time and attention from 
strategic business activities, and could have a significant effect on our reported results for the 
affected periods. Failure to comply with such regulations could result in fines, penalties, or 
lawsuits and could have a material adverse impact on our business.

The  agreements  related  to A&F  Management’s  senior  secured  asset-based  revolving  credit  
facility  and  senior  secured  notes include  restrictive  covenants  that  limit  our  
flexibility  in  operating  our  business  and  our  inability  to  obtain  additional  credit  on 
reasonable terms in the future could have an adverse impact on our business.

The  Amended  and  Restated  Credit  Agreement  (the  “Amended  and  Restated  Credit  Agreement”)  
of  Abercrombie  &  Fitch Management Co. (“A&F Management”), a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of 
A&F, provides for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility of up to $400 million (the 
“ABL Facility”), which matures on April 29, 2026. A&F Management’s senior secured notes (the 
“Senior Secured Notes””) have a fixed 8.75% interest rate and mature on July 15, 2025. The 
agreements related  to  the ABL Facility  and  the  Senior  Secured  Notes  contain  restrictive  
covenants  that,  subject  to  specified  exemptions, restrict,  among  other  things,  the  
ability  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  to:  incur,  assume  or  guarantee  additional 
indebtedness; grant or incur liens; sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of 
subsidiaries; make investments in certain subsidiaries; pay dividends or make distributions on our 
capital stock; redeem or repurchase capital stock; change the nature  of  our  business;  and  
consolidate  or  merge  with  or  into,  or  sell  substantially  all  of  the  assets  of  the  
Company  or A&F Management to another entity.








Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           22                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

If an event of default under either related agreement occurs, any outstanding obligations under the 
Senior Secured Notes and the ABL Facility could be declared immediately due and payable or the 
lenders or noteholders could foreclose on or exercise other remedies with respect to the assets 
securing the indebtedness under the Senior Secured Notes and the ABL Facility. In addition,  there  
is  no  assurance  that  we  would  have  the  cash  resources  available  to  repay  such  
accelerated  obligations. Moreover, the Senior Secured Notes and ABL Facility are secured by 
certain of our real property, inventory, intellectual property, general intangibles and 
receivables, among other things, and lenders may exercise remedies against the collateral in an 
event of default.

We  have,  and  expect  to  continue  to  have,  a  level  of  indebtedness.  In  addition,  we  
may,  from  time  to  time,  incur  additional indebtedness.  We  may  need  to  refinance  all  or 
 a  portion  of  our  existing  indebtedness  before  maturity,  including  the  Senior Secured  
Notes,  and  any  indebtedness  under  the ABL Facility.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  we  
would  be  able  to  obtain sufficient funds to enable us to repay or refinance our debt 
obligations on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Changes in market conditions could 
potentially impact the size and terms of a replacement facility or facilities in the future. The 
inability to obtain credit on commercially reasonable terms in the future could adversely impact 
our liquidity and results of operations as well as limit our ability to take advantage of business 
opportunities that may arise.
















































Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           23                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.


Item 2. Properties

The Company’s global headquarters are located on a campus-like setting in New Albany, Ohio, which 
is owned by the Company. The Company’s global headquarters also include company-owned distribution 
centers that support distribution to all domestic stores and the majority of domestic digital 
orders.   The Company also leases property for its regional headquarters located in London,  United 
 Kingdom  and  Shanghai,  China.  In  addition,  the  Company  owns  or  leases  facilities  both  
domestically  and internationally to support the Company’s operations, such as its distribution 
centers and various support centers.

The Company does not believe any individual regional headquarters, third-party distribution center 
or support center lease is material  as,  if  necessary  or  desirable  to  relocate  an  
operation,  other  suitable  property  could  be  found.  These  properties  are utilized by both 
of the Company’s operating segments and are currently suitable and adequate for conducting the 
Company’s business.

As of January 28, 2023, the Company operated 762 retail stores across its brands. The Company does 
not believe that any individual store lease is material; however, certain geographic areas may have 
a higher concentration of store locations.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

For  information  regarding  legal  proceedings,  see  Note  18  “CONTINGENCIES”  to  the  
Consolidated  Financial  Statements included in this Annual report on Form 10-K. The Company’s 
accrued charges for certain legal contingencies are classified within accrued   expenses   on   the 
  Consolidated   Balance   Sheets   included   in   “ITEM   8.   FINANCIAL   STATEMENTS   AND 
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA,” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

In addition, pursuant to Item 103(c)(3)(iii) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act, the Company 
is required to disclose certain information about environmental proceedings to which a governmental 
authority is a party if the Company reasonably believes such proceedings may result in monetary 
sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, above a stated threshold. The Company has elected to 
apply a threshold of $1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such 
proceedings is required.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.
























Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           24                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
Equity Securities

Market Information and Holders

A&F’s Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value (“Common Stock”) is traded on the New York Stock 
Exchange under the symbol “ANF.” As of March 24, 2023, there were approximately 2,600 stockholders 
of record. However, when including investors holding shares  of  Common  Stock  in  broker  
accounts  under  street  name,  A&F  estimates  that  there  were  approximately  38,000 
stockholders.

Performance Graph

The following graph shows the changes, over the five-year period ended January 28, 2023 (the last 
day of A&F’s Fiscal 2022) in the  value  of  $100  invested  in  (i)  shares  of  Common  Stock;  
(ii)  Standard  &  Poor’s  500  Stock  Index  (the  “S&P  500”);  and
(iii)  Standard  &  Poor’s Apparel  Retail  Composite  Index  (the  “S&P Apparel  Retail”),  
including  reinvestment  of  dividends.  The plotted points represent the closing price on the last 
trading day of the fiscal year indicated.

PERFORMANCE GRAPH ⁽¹⁾
COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*
Among A&F, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Apparel Retail Index

$250


$200


$150


$100


$50


$0
02/03/18                           02/02/19                           02/01/20                      
     01/30/21                           01/29/22                           01/28/23

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                 S&P 500                                 S&P 
Apparel Retail



02/03/18        02/02/19        02/01/20        01/30/21        01/29/22        01/28/23
A&F                                                                                             $   
  100.00    $     107.93    $       86.44    $     123.98    $     196.10    $     146.77
S&P 500                                                                                            
100.00             99.93           121.46           142.39           172.28            160.83
S&P Apparel Retail                                                                            
100.00           113.06           131.73           143.75           159.17            190.20
*       $100 invested on February 03, 2018, including reinvestment of dividends.
Copyright© 2023 Standard & Poor’s, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved.
⁽¹⁾      This performance graph shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed” 
with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, 
except to the extent that A&F specifically requests that the performance graph be treated as 
soliciting material or specifically incorporates it by reference into a filing under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act.
Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           25                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents
Equity Securities
The following table provides information regarding the purchase of shares of Common Stock made by 
or on behalf of A&F or any “affiliated purchaser” as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the 
Exchange Act during each fiscal month of the thirteen weeks ended January 28, 2023:

Period (fiscal month)
Total Number of Shares Purchased ⁽¹⁾
Average Price Paid per Share
Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs ⁽²⁾
Maximum Number of Shares (or Approximate Dollar Value) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or 
Programs ⁽³⁾
October 30, 2022 through November 26, 2022                                —    $                   
—                                         —    $                  232,184,768
November 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022                       1,444                    18.86    
                                     —                         232,184,768
January 1, 2023 through January 28, 2023                                      —                     
    —                                         —                         232,184,768
Total                                                                                               
 1,444                    18.86                                             —                       
  232,184,768

⁽¹⁾      An  aggregate  of  1,444  shares  of A&F’s  Common  Stock  purchased  during  the  
thirteen  weeks  ended  January  28,  2023  were  withheld  for  tax payments due upon the vesting 
of employee restricted stock units and exercise of employee stock appreciation rights.
⁽²⁾      On November 23, 2021, we announced that the Board of Directors approved a new $500 million 
share repurchase authorization, replacing the prior 2021 share repurchase authorization of 10.0 
million shares, which had approximately 3.9 million shares remaining available
⁽³⁾      The number shown represents, as of the end of each period, the approximate dollar value of 
Common Stock that may yet be purchased under A&F’s  publicly  announced  stock  repurchase  
authorization  described  in  footnote  2  above.  The  shares  may  be  purchased,  from  time  to 
 time, depending on business and market conditions.

Dividends

In May 2020, the Company announced that it had suspended its dividend program in order to preserve 
liquidity and maintain financial flexibility in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company’s 
dividend program remains suspended. The Company may in the future review its dividend program to 
determine, in light of facts and circumstances at that time, whether and when to reinstate. Any 
dividends are declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reviews 
and establishes a dividend amount, if at all, based on A&F’s financial condition, results of 
operations, capital requirements, current and projected cash flows, business prospects and other 
factors and any restrictions under the Company’s agreements related to the Senior Secured  Notes  
and  the  ABL  Facility.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  the  Company  will  pay  dividends  
in  the  future  or, if dividends are paid, that they will be in amounts similar to past dividends.

Item 6. [Reserved]




























Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           26                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Item 7.     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The  following  Management’s  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of 
 Operations  (“MD&A”)  generally discusses our results of operations for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 
2021 and provides comparisons between such fiscal years.   For discussion and comparison of Fiscal 
2021 and Fiscal 2020, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results 
of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2021, filed with the 
SEC on March 28, 2022.   This MD&A should be read together with the Company’s audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in “ITEM 8. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA,” to which all references to Notes in MD&A are made.

INTRODUCTION

MD&A is provided as a supplement to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and notes 
thereto to help provide an understanding of the Company’s results of operations, financial 
condition, and liquidity. MD&A is organized as follows:
•      Overview.  A general description of the Company’s business and certain segment information, 
and an overview of key performance indicators reviewed by management in assessing the Company’s 
results.
•      Current  Trends  and  Outlook.    A  discussion  of  the  Company’s  long-term  plans  for  
growth  and  a  summary  of  the Company’s performance over recent years, primarily Fiscal 2022 and 
Fiscal 2021.
•      Results of Operations.   An analysis of certain components of the Company’s Consolidated 
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for Fiscal 2022 as compared to Fiscal 
2021.
•      Liquidity and Capital Resources.  A discussion of the Company’s financial condition, changes 
in financial condition and liquidity as of January 28, 2023, which includes (i) an analysis of 
changes in cash flows for Fiscal 2022 as compared to Fiscal 2021, (ii) an analysis of liquidity, 
including availability under the Company’s credit facility, and outstanding debt and covenant 
compliance and (iii) a summary of contractual and other obligations as of January 28, 2023.
•      Recent Accounting Pronouncements.  The recent accounting pronouncements the Company has 
adopted or is currently evaluating, including the dates of adoption or expected dates of adoption, 
as applicable, and anticipated effects on the Company’s  audited  Consolidated  Financial  
Statements,  are  included  in  Note  2  “SUMMARY  OF  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES.”
•      Critical Accounting Estimates.  A discussion of the accounting estimates considered to be 
important to the Company’s results of operations and financial condition, which typically require 
significant judgment and estimation on the part of the Company’s management in their application.
•      Non-GAAP Financial Measures.  MD&A provides a discussion of certain financial measures that 
have been determined to  not  be  presented  in  accordance  with  accounting  principles  
generally  accepted  in  the  U.S.  (“GAAP”). This  section includes certain reconciliations 
between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and additional details on non-GAAP financial measures, 
including information as to why the Company believes the non-GAAP financial measures provided 
within MD&A are useful to investors.






















Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           27                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

OVERVIEW

Business Summary

The Company is a global, digitally-led omnichannel retailer.  The Company offers a broad assortment 
of apparel, personal care products and accessories for men, women and kids, which are sold 
primarily through its digital channels and Company-owned stores, as well as through various 
third-party arrangements.  The Company’s two brand-based operating segments are Hollister, which 
includes the Company’s Hollister, Gilly Hicks and Social Tourist brands, and Abercrombie, which 
includes the Company’s Abercrombie  &  Fitch  and  abercrombie  kids  brands.  These  five  brands  
share  a  commitment  to  offering  unique  products  of enduring quality and exceptional comfort 
that allow customers around the world to express their own individuality and style. The Company 
operates primarily in North America, Europe, Middle East and Asia.

The Company’s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to January 31. All references herein to the 
Company’s fiscal years are as follows:

Fiscal year                                                                                         
                                                    Year ended/ ending        Number of weeks
Fiscal 2020                                                                                         
                                                     January 30, 2021                        52
Fiscal 2021                                                                                         
                                                     January 29, 2022                        52
Fiscal 2022                                                                                         
                                                     January 28, 2023                        52
Fiscal 2023                                                                                         
                                                     February 3, 2024                        53
Seasonality
Due  to  the  seasonal  nature  of  the  retail  apparel  industry,  the  results  of  operations  
for  any  interim  period  are  not  necessarily indicative of the results expected for the full 
fiscal year and the Company could experience significant fluctuations in certain asset and 
liability accounts. The Company experiences its greatest sales activity during Fall, due to 
back-to-school and holiday sales periods, respectively.
Key Performance Indicators

The following measurements are among the key performance indicators reviewed by the Company’s 
management in assessing the Company’s results:

•      Changes in net sales and comparable sales;
•      Gross profit and gross profit rate;
•      Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of net sales;
•      Stores and distribution expense as a percentage of net sales;
•      Marketing, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales;
•      Operating income and operating income as a percentage of net sales (“operating margin”);
•      Net income and net income attributable to A&F;
•      Cash flow and liquidity measures, such as the Company’s  working capital, operating cash 
flow, and free cash flow;
•      Inventory metrics, such as inventory turnover;
•      Return on invested capital and return on equity;
•      Store metrics, such as net sales per gross square foot, and store four-wall operating 
margins;
•      Digital and omnichannel metrics, such as total shipping expense as a percentage of digital 
sales, and certain metrics related to our purchase-online-pickup-in-store and order-in-store 
programs;
•      Transactional  metrics,  such  as  traffic  and  conversion,  performance  across  key  
product  categories,  average  unit  retail (“AUR’), average unit cost (“AUC”), average units per 
transaction and average transaction values, return rates; and
•      Customer-centric metrics such as customer satisfaction, customer retention and acquisition, 
and certain metrics related to the loyalty programs.

While  not  all  of  these  metrics  are  disclosed  publicly  by  the  Company  due  to  the  
proprietary  nature  of  the  information,  the Company discusses many of these metrics within this 
MD&A.











Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           28                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

CURRENT TRENDS AND OUTLOOK

Focus Areas for Fiscal 2023

The Company remains committed to, and confident in, its long-term vision of being a digitally-led 
global omnichannel apparel retailer and continues to evaluate opportunities to make progress toward 
initiatives that support this vision.

During the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company announced its Always Forward Plan, which 
outlines the Company’s long-term strategy and goals, including growing shareholder value. The 
Always Forward Plan is anchored on three strategic growth principles, which are to:
•      Execute focused brand growth plans;
•      Accelerate an enterprise-wide digital revolution; and
•      Operate with financial discipline.

The following focus areas for Fiscal 2023 serve as a framework for the Company achieving 
sustainable growth and progressing toward the Always Forward Plan:
•      Execute brand growth plans
•      Drive Abercrombie brands through marketing and store investment;
•      Optimize the Hollister product and brand voice to enable second half growth; and
•      Support Gilly Hicks growth with an evolved assortment mix
•      Accelerate an enterprise-wide digital revolution
•      Complete current phase of our modernization efforts around key data platforms;
•      Continue to progress on our multi-year ERP transformation and cloud migration journey; and
•      Improve our digital and app experience across key parts of the customer journey
•      Operate with financial discipline
•      Maintain appropriately lean inventory levels that put Abercrombie and Hollister in a 
position to chase inventory throughout the year; and
•      Properly balance investments, inflation and efficiency efforts to improve profitability

Supply Chain Disruptions, Impact of Inflation and COVID-19

The current economic environment remained challenging in Fiscal 2022. The COVID-19 pandemic and its 
effects on the global economy continued to impact the Company’s operations in Fiscal 2022, 
including through temporary store closures. While trends in the severity of new cases of COVID-19 
in the U.S. improved throughout Fiscal 2022, caseloads have periodically increased in certain 
global regions, most notably, in the APAC region in conjunction with the easing of strict lockdowns 
and zero-tolerance policy shutdowns in China.

In addition, while the direct impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have shown signs of abatement, the 
Company has experienced various other adverse impacts in the current economic environment, 
including supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures including higher freight and labor 
costs, labor shortages, and weak store traffic.

During the latter half of Fiscal 2021, the Company increased its air freight usage in response to 
inventory delays imposed by temporary  factory  closures  in  Vietnam. This  disruption  and  the  
associated  increased  costs  adversely  impacted  the  Company through Fiscal 2022. To mitigate 
supply chain constraints and higher freight rates, the Company took certain mitigating actions in 
early Fiscal 2022 that included scheduling earlier inventory receipts to allow for longer lead 
times, expanding its number of freight vendors,  and  reducing  air  freight  usage  where  
appropriate.  Freight  costs  began  to  stabilize  in  the  latter  half  of  Fiscal  2022 
compared with the elevated air freight rates and usage in 2021. While freight costs are stabilizing 
and supply chain constraints are waning, further mitigating actions may be needed in Fiscal 2023, 
particularly if supply chain constraints and/or transportation delays begin to reappear.

The Company has also experienced significant inflationary pressures with respect to labor, cotton 
and other raw materials and other costs. Inflation can have a long-term impact on the Company 
because increasing costs may impact its ability to maintain satisfactory margins. The Company may 
be unsuccessful in passing these increased costs on to the customer through higher AUR. 
Furthermore, increases in inflation may not be matched by growth in consumer income, which also 
could have a negative impact on discretionary spending.  In periods of perceived or actual 
unfavorable economic conditions, consumers may reallocate available discretionary spending, which 
may adversely impact demand for our products.

The adverse consequences of the pandemic and of the current economic environment continue to impact 
the Company and may persist for some time.  The Company will continue to assess impacts on its 
operations and financial condition, and will respond as it deems appropriate.

For  further  information  about  how  changes  in  global  economic  and  financial  conditions  
as  well  as  continued  impacts  from COVID-19 could impact our operations, refer to  “ITEM 1A. 
RISK FACTORS,” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.



Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           29                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, with tax provisions primarily 
focused on implementing a 15%  corporate  minimum  tax  on  global  adjusted  financial  statement  
income,  expected  to  become  applicable  to  the  Company beginning  in  Fiscal  2023,  and  a  
1%  excise  tax  on  share  repurchases  in  tax  years  beginning  after  December  31,  2022.  
The Company does not currently expect that the Inflation Reduction Act will have a material impact 
on its income taxes.

Global Store Network Optimization

The Company has a goal of opening smaller, omni-enabled stores that cater to local customers. The 
Company continues to use data  to  inform  its  focus  on  aligning  store  square  footage  with  
digital  penetration  and  the  Company  delivered  new  store experiences across brands during 
Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. Details related to these new store experiences follow:

Type of new store experience                                                                        
                                                     Fiscal 2022                   Fiscal 2021
New stores                                                                                          
                  38
Remodels                                                                                            
                     2
Right-sizes                                                                                         
                       5
Total                                                                                               
                           45

For the first time in more than a decade, the Company was a net store opener for the year.  During 
Fiscal 2022, the Company opened  59  new  stores,  while  closing  26  stores.  Future  closures  
could  be  completed  through  natural  lease  expirations,  while certain other leases include 
early termination options that can be exercised under specific conditions. The Company may also 
elect to exit or modify other leases, and could incur charges related to these actions.

The  actions  taken  in  Fiscal  2022,  combined  with  ongoing  digital  sales  growth,  are  
expected  to  continue  to  transform  the Company's operating model and position the Company for 
the future.

Additional details related to store count and gross square footage follow:
Hollister ⁽¹⁾                                   Abercrombie ⁽²⁾                                     
      Total Company ⁽³⁾
United States       International       United States       International       United States       
International              Total
Number of stores:
January 29, 2022                           351                      154                      173    
                    51                      524                      205                        729
New                                               33                          5                     
   13                          8                        46                        13                
Closed                                            (4)                     (10)                      
 (6)                       (6)                     (10)                     (16)                    
 (26) January 28, 2023                              380                        149                  
      180                          53                        560                        202         
Gross square footage (in thousands):
January 29, 2022                          2,312                    1,212                    1,161   
                     367                    3,473                    1,579                   5,052 
January 28, 2023                          2,425                    1,154                    1,152   
                     337                    3,577                    1,491                   5,068
⁽¹⁾     Hollister  includes  the  Company’s  Hollister  and  Gilly  Hicks  brands.  Locations  with 
 Gilly  Hicks  carveouts  within  Hollister  stores  are represented  as  a  single  store  count.  
Excludes  12  and  9  international  franchise  stores  as  of  January  28,  2023  and  January  
29,  2022, respectively. Excludes 16 Company-operated temporary stores as of January 28, 2023 and 
14 Company-operated temporary stores as of January 29, 2022.
⁽²⁾     Abercrombie includes the Company’s Abercrombie & Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. 
Locations with abercrombie kids carveouts within Abercrombie & Fitch stores are represented as a 
single store count. Excludes 23 international franchise stores as of January 28, 2023 and 14 
international franchise stores as of January 29, 2022. Excludes three Company-operated temporary 
stores as of January 28, 2023 and five Company-operated temporary stores as of January 29, 2022.
⁽³⁾     This store count excludes one international third-party operated multi-brand outlet store 
as of January 28, 2023.

Impact of Global Events and Uncertainty

As a global multi-brand omnichannel specialty retailer, with operations in North America, Europe 
and Asia, among other regions management is mindful of macroeconomic risks, global challenges and 
the changing global geopolitical environment, including the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, which 
could adversely impact certain areas of the business. As a result management continues to monitor 
global events. The Company continues to assess the potential impacts that these events and similar 
events may have on the business in future periods and continues to develop and update contingency 
plans to assist in mitigating potential impacts. It is possible that the Company’s preparations for 
such events are not adequate to mitigate their impact, and that these events could further 
adversely affect its business and results of operations. For a discussion of material risks that 
have the potential to cause actual results to differ materially from expectations, refer to “ITEM 
1A. RISK FACTORS,” included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.




Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           30                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Summary of Results


A summary of results for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 follows:


(in thousands, except change in net sales, gross profit rate, operating


GAAP                                          Non-GAAP ⁽¹⁾
income margin and per share amounts)                                                             
Fiscal 2022          Fiscal 2021          Fiscal 2022          Fiscal 2021 Net sales                
                                                                                      $   3,697,751 
       $   3,712,768
Change in net sales from the prior fiscal year                                                      
          — %                    19 %
Gross profit rate ⁽²⁾                                                                               
                       56.9 %                 62.3 %
Operating income                                                                                    
     $        92,648        $      343,084        $      106,679        $      355,184
Operating income margin                                                                             
                2.5 %                   9.2 %                   2.9 %                   9.6 %
Net income attributable to A&F ⁽³⁾                                                                 
$          2,816        $      263,010        $        13,045        $      272,689 Net income per 
diluted share attributable to A&F ⁽³⁾                                     $            0.05        
$            4.20        $            0.25        $             4.35

⁽¹⁾      Refer to “RESULTS OF OPERATIONS” for details on excluded items. A reconciliation of each 
non-GAAP financial measure presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the most directly 
comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, as well as a discussion as to why 
the Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors, is provided 
below under “NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES.”
⁽²⁾      Gross profit is derived from cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization.
⁽³⁾      Fiscal 2021 results include $42.5 million of tax benefits due to the release of valuation 
allowances as a result of the improvement seen in business conditions.  Refer to Note 11, “INCOME 
TAXES.”

Certain  components  of  the  Company’s  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets  as  of  January  28,  2023  
and  January  29,  2022  and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 
were as follows:

(in thousands)
Balance Sheets data                                                                                 
                                               January 28, 2023         January 29, 2022
Cash and equivalents                                                                                
                                           $                  517,602    $                  823,139
Gross borrowings outstanding, carrying amount                                                       
                                               299,730                        307,730
Inventories                                                                                         
                                                                       505,621                      
  525,864
Statements of Cash Flows data                                                                       
                                                Fiscal 2022                   Fiscal 2021
Net cash (used for) provided by operating activities                                                
                             $                     (2,343)   $                  277,782 Net cash 
used for investing activities                                                                       
                                               (140,675)                        (96,979)
Net cash used for financing activities                                                              
                                                        (155,329)                      (446,898)





























Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           31                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The estimated basis point (“BPS”) changes disclosed throughout this Results of Operations have been 
rounded based on the change in the percentage of net sales.

Net Sales

The Company’s net sales by operating segment for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were as follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                            Fiscal 2022      Fiscal 2021         $ Change      % Change
Hollister                                                                                           
                               $  1,962,885    $  2,147,979    $    (185,094)          (9)%
Abercrombie                                                                                         
                              1,734,866        1,564,789           170,077           11%
Total Company                                                                                       
                        $  3,697,751    $  3,712,768    $      (15,017)           0%

Net sales by geographic area are presented by attributing revenues on the basis of the country in 
which the merchandise was sold  for  in-store  purchases  and  the  shipping  location  provided  
by  customers  for  digital  orders.  The  Company’s  net  sales  by geographic area for Fiscal 
2022 and Fiscal 2021 were as follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                            Fiscal 2022      Fiscal 2021         $ Change      % Change
United States                                                                                       
                           $  2,758,294    $  2,652,158    $     106,136            4%
EMEA                                                                                                
                                    665,828           755,072            (89,244)         (12)%
APAC                                                                                                
                                     122,367           171,701            (49,334)         (29)%
Other ⁽¹⁾                                                                                           
                                       151,262           133,837             17,425           13%
International                                                                                       
                             $     939,457    $  1,060,610    $    (121,153)         (11)%
Total Company                                                                                       
                        $  3,697,751    $  3,712,768    $      (15,017)           0%
⁽¹⁾ Other includes all sales that do not fall within the United States, EMEA, or APAC regions, 
which are derived primarily in Canada.

For Fiscal 2022, net sales were essentially flat as compared to Fiscal 2021, with a year-over year 
increase in AUR, offset by the adverse impact of foreign currency exchange rates. While sales in 
the United States grew 4% compared to Fiscal 2021, this was more than offset by an 11% decline in 
International, with continued softness in the APAC and EMEA regions.

Cost of Sales, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization

Fiscal 2022                              Fiscal 2021


(in thousands)
% of Net Sales
% of Net Sales
BPS
Change
Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization                     $  1,593,213          
43.1%         $  1,400,773          37.7%                  540
For Fiscal 2022, cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of net 
sales increased approximately 540 basis points as compared to Fiscal 2021. The year-over-year 
increase was primarily driven by 520 basis points of higher freight and raw material costs and 40 
basis points from the adverse impact of exchange rates, partially offset by higher average unit 
retail.
Gross Profit, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization
Fiscal 2022                              Fiscal 2021

% of Net Sales
% of Net Sales
BPS
Change
Gross profit, exclusive of depreciation and amortization                       $  2,104,538         
 56.9%         $  2,311,995          62.3%               (540)













Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           32                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents


Stores and Distribution Expense

Fiscal 2022                              Fiscal 2021


(in thousands)
% of Net Sales
% of Net Sales
BPS
Change
Stores and distribution expense                                                            $  
1,482,931          40.1%         $  1,428,323          38.5%                  160
For Fiscal 2022, stores and distribution expense increased 4% as compared to Fiscal 2021, primarily 
driven by a $40 million increase  in  digital  fulfillment  expense,  reflecting  higher  shipping  
and  handling  and  other  fulfillment  expenses,  including  costs associated with a new 
third-party fulfillment facility in the United States.

Marketing, General and Administrative Expense
Fiscal 2022                              Fiscal 2021

(in thousands)
% of Net Sales
% of Net Sales
BPS
Change
Marketing, general and administrative expense                                    $     517,602      
    14.0%         $     536,815          14.5%                (50)

For Fiscal 2022, marketing, general and administrative expense decreased 4% as compared to Fiscal 
2021, primarily driven by a
$26  million  reduction  in  marketing  and  advertising  expenses,  as  well  as  $26  million  in 
 lower  incentive-based  compensation. These  amounts  were  partially  offset  by  $23  million  
in  higher  payroll  and  $6  million  in  higher  consulting  and  information technology expense.


Asset Impairment

Fiscal 2022                              Fiscal 2021


(in thousands)
% of Net Sales
% of Net Sales
BPS
Change
Asset impairment                                                                                   
$       14,031           0.4%          $       12,100           0.3%                    10
Excluded items:
Asset impairment charges ⁽¹⁾                                                                      
(14,031)        (0.4)%                (12,100)        (0.3)%                (10)
Adjusted non-GAAP asset impairment, exclusive of flagship store
exit charges                                                                                       
$              —           0.0%          $              —           0.0%                  —
⁽¹⁾      Refer to “NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES,” for further details.

Refer to Note 8, “ASSET IMPAIRMENT,” for further discussion.


Other Operating Income, Net

Fiscal 2022                              Fiscal 2021


(in thousands)
% of Net Sales
% of Net Sales
BPS
Change
Other operating income, net                                                                  $      
   2,674           0.1%          $         8,327           0.2%                 (10)

For  Fiscal  2022,  other  operating  income,  net,  decreased  as  compared  to  Fiscal  2021,  
primarily  due  to  $5.9  million  foreign currency losses recognized in Fiscal 2022.


Operating Income

Fiscal 2022                              Fiscal 2021


(in thousands)
% of Net Sales
% of Net Sales
BPS
Change
Operating income                                                                                  $ 
      92,648           2.5%          $     343,084           9.2%                (670) Excluded 
items:
Asset impairment charges ⁽¹⁾                                                                       
14,031           0.4%                   12,100           0.3%                    10
Adjusted non-GAAP operating income                                                  $     106,679   
        2.9%          $     355,184           9.6%                (670)
⁽¹⁾      Refer to “NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES,” for further details.
Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           33                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents
Interest Expense, Net
Fiscal 2022                              Fiscal 2021

(in thousands)
% of Net Sales
% of Net Sales
BPS
Change
Interest expense                                                                                    
$       30,236           0.8%          $       37,958           1.0%                 (20)
Interest income                                                                                     
           (4,604)        (0.1)%                  (3,848)        (0.1)%                 —
Interest expense, net                                                                             $ 
      25,632           0.7%          $       34,110           0.9%                 (20)

For Fiscal 2022, interest expense, net, decreased 25% primarily driven by lower interest paid on a 
lower average outstanding balance in Fiscal 2022 resulting from current year and prior year debt 
repurchases, as compared to Fiscal 2021.


Income Tax Expense

Fiscal 2022                                       Fiscal 2021


(in thousands, except ratios)
Effective Tax Rate
Effective Tax Rate
Income tax expense                                                                                  
   $           56,631            84.5%           $           38,908            12.6% Excluded 
items:
Tax effect of pre-tax excluded items ⁽¹⁾                                                            
         3,802                                                2,421
Adjusted non-GAAP income tax expense                                                    $           
60,433            74.6%           $           41,329            12.9%
⁽¹⁾      Refer to “Operating Income” for details of pre-tax excluded items. The tax effect of 
pre-tax excluded items is the difference between the tax provision calculation on a GAAP basis and 
an adjusted non-GAAP basis. Refer to “NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES” for further details.

During  Fiscal  2022,  the  Company  did  not  recognize  income  tax  benefits  on  $136.5  
million  of  pre-tax  losses,  primarily  in Switzerland, resulting in adverse tax impacts of $20.0 
million.  The primary driver relates to lower sales volume, higher AUC and overall expense 
deleverage within the APAC and EMEA regions.

During Fiscal 2021, as a result of the improvement seen in business conditions, the Company 
recognized $42.5 million of tax benefits due to the release of valuation allowances, primarily in 
the U.S. and Germany, and a discrete tax benefit of $3.9 million due  to  a  rate  change  in  the  
U.K.  The  Company  did  not  recognize  income  tax  benefits  on  $25.3  million  of  pre-tax  
losses generated in Fiscal 2021, primarily in Switzerland, resulting in adverse tax impacts of $4.6 
million

Refer to Note 11, “INCOME TAXES,” for further discussion on factors that impacted the effective tax 
rate in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021.

Net Income Attributable to A&F

Fiscal 2022                              Fiscal 2021


(in thousands)
% of Net Sales
% of Net Sales
BPS
Change
Net income attributable to A&F                                                              $       
  2,816           0.1%          $     263,010           7.1%                (700)
Excluded items, net of tax ⁽¹⁾                                                                      
 10,229           0.3%                     9,679           0.3%                  —
Adjusted non-GAAP net income attributable to A&F ⁽²⁾                          $       13,045        
   0.4%          $     272,689           7.3%                (690)
⁽¹⁾      Excludes items presented above under “Operating Income,” and “Income Tax Expense.”

Net Income Per Diluted Share Attributable to A&F

Fiscal 2022        Fiscal 2021     $ Change
Net income per diluted share attributable to A&F                                                    
                                  $            0.05    $            4.20       $(4.15) Excluded 
items, net of tax ⁽¹⁾                                                                               
                                                0.20                  0.15          0.05
Adjusted non-GAAP net income per diluted share attributable to A&F                                  
                   $            0.25    $            4.35       $(4.10) Impact from changes in 
foreign currency exchange rates                                                                     
                —                 (0.36)         0.36
Adjusted non-GAAP net income per diluted share attributable to A&F on a constant currency basis⁽²⁾  
  $            0.25    $            3.99       $(3.74)
⁽¹⁾      Excludes items presented above under “Operating Income,” and “Income Tax Expense.”
⁽²⁾      Refer to “NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES,” for further details.






Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           34                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Overview

The Company’s capital allocation strategy, priorities and investments are reviewed by the Board of 
Directors considering both liquidity and valuation factors. The Company believes that it will have 
adequate liquidity to fund operating activities over the next twelve  months.  The  Company  
monitors  financing  market  conditions  and  may  in  the  future  determine  whether  and  when  
to amend, modify, or restructure its ABL Facility and/or Senior Secured Notes. For a discussion of 
the Company’s share repurchase activity and suspended dividend program, please see below under 
“Share repurchases and dividends.”

Primary Sources and Uses of Cash

The Company’s business has two principal selling seasons: Spring and Fall. The Company experiences 
its greatest sales activity during Fall, due to back-to-school and holiday sales periods. The 
Company relies on excess operating cash flows, which are largely generated in Fall, to fund 
operations throughout the year and to reinvest in the business to support future growth. The 
Company also has the ABL Facility available as a source of additional funding, which is described 
further below under “Credit Facility and Senior Secured Notes”.

Over the next twelve months, the Company expects its primary cash requirements to be directed 
towards prioritizing investments in  the  business,  including  the  modernization  of  our  retail 
 merchandising  systems,  and  continuing  to  fund  operating  activities, including  the  
acquisition  of  inventory,  and  obligations  related  to  compensation,  marketing,  leases  and  
any  lease  buyouts  or modifications it may exercise, taxes and other operating activities.

The Company evaluates opportunities for investments in the business that are in line with 
initiatives that position the business for sustainable long-term growth that align with its 
strategic pillars as described within “ITEM 1. BUSINESS - STRATEGY AND KEY BUSINESS PRIORITIES”. 
Examples of potential investment opportunities include, but are not limited to, new store 
experiences , and continued investments in its digital and omnichannel initiatives. Historically, 
the Company has utilized cash flow generated from operations to fund any discretionary capital 
expenditures, which have been prioritized towards new store experiences, as well as digital and 
omnichannel investments, information technology, and other projects. For Fiscal 2022, the Company 
used
$164.6  million  towards  capital  expenditures,  up  from  $97.0  million  of  capital  
expenditures  in  Fiscal  2021.  Total  capital expenditures for Fiscal 2023 are expected to be 
approximately $160 million.

Share Repurchases and Dividends

In  November  2021,  the  Board  of  Directors  approved  a  $500  million  share  repurchase  
authorization,  replacing  the  prior  2021 share repurchase authorization of 10.0 million shares, 
which had approximately 3.9 million shares remaining available. During Fiscal 2022, the Company 
repurchased 4.8 million shares for approximately $126 million.

Historically, the Company has repurchased shares of its Common Stock, from time to time, dependent 
on market and business conditions, with the objectives of returning excess cash to shareholders and 
offsetting dilution from issuances of Common Stock associated with the exercise of employee stock 
appreciation rights and the vesting of restricted stock units.   Shares may be repurchased  in  the 
 open  market,  including  pursuant  to  any  trading  plans  established  in  accordance  with  
Rule  10b5-1  of  the Exchange Act, through privately negotiated transactions or other transactions 
or by a combination of such methods. Refer to “ITEM   5.   MARKET   FOR   REGISTRANT’S   COMMON   
EQUITY,   RELATED   STOCKHOLDER   MATTERS   AND   ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the amount remaining 
available for repurchase under the Company’s publicly announced stock repurchase authorization.

In May 2020, the Company announced that it had suspended its dividend program in order to preserve 
liquidity and maintain financial flexibility in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company may in 
the future review its dividend program to determine, in light of facts and circumstances at that 
time, whether and when to reinstate. Any dividends are declared at the discretion of the Board  of  
Directors.  The  Board  of  Directors  reviews  and  establishes  a  dividend  amount,  if  at  
all,  based  on  A&F’s  financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, current 
and projected cash flows, business prospects and other factors, including any restrictions under 
the Company’s agreements related to the Senior Secured Notes and the ABL Facility. There can be  no 
 assurance  that  the  Company  will  declare  and  pay  dividends  in  the  future  or,  if  
dividends  are  paid,  that  they  will  be  in amounts similar to past dividends.










Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           35                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Credit Facility and Senior Secured Notes

During Fiscal 2022, A&F Management purchased $8.0 million of outstanding Senior Secured Notes and 
incurred a $0.1 million gain  on  extinguishment  of  debt,  recognized  in  interest  expense,  
net  on  the  Consolidated  Statements  of  Operations  and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. As of 
January 28, 2023, the Company had $299.7 million of gross indebtedness outstanding under the Senior 
Secured Notes.

In addition, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement continues to provide for the ABL Facility, 
which is a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility of up to $400 million.  On March 
15, 2023, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
to eliminate LIBO rate based loans and to use the current market definitions with respect to the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”)”, as well as to make other conforming changes.
The Company did not have any borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility as of January 28, 2023 
or as of January 29, 2022. Details regarding the remaining borrowing capacity under the ABL 
Facility as of January 28, 2023 follow:
(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                                                            January 
28, 2023
Loan cap                                                                                            
                                                                                      $             
       387,425
Less: Outstanding stand-by letters of credit                                                        
                                                                                                 
(602)
Borrowing capacity                                                                                  
                                                                                                    
   386,823
Less: Minimum excess availability ⁽¹⁾                                                               
                                                                                               
(38,743)
Borrowing capacity available                                                                        
                                                                           $                    
348,080
⁽¹⁾    The Company must maintain excess availability equal to the greater of 10% of the loan cap or 
$30 million under the ABL Facility.

Refer to  Note 12, “BORROWINGS,” for additional information.

Income Taxes

The Company’s earnings and profits from its foreign subsidiaries could be repatriated to the U.S., 
without incurring additional
U.S. federal income tax. The Company determined that the balance of the Company’s undistributed 
earnings and profits from its foreign subsidiaries as of February 2, 2019 are considered 
indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S., and if these funds were to be  repatriated  to  the  
U.S.,  the  Company  would  expect  to  incur  an  insignificant  amount  of  state  income  taxes  
and  foreign withholding taxes. The Company accrues for both state income taxes and foreign 
withholding taxes with respect to earnings and profits  earned  after  February  2,  2019,  in  
such  a  manner  that  these  funds  may  be  repatriated  without  incurring  additional  tax 
expense.

As of January 28, 2023, $226.5 million of the Company’s $517.6 million of cash and equivalents were 
held by foreign affiliates.

Refer to Note 11, “INCOME TAXES,” for additional details regarding the impact certain events 
related to the Company’s income taxes had on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

Analysis of Cash Flows

The table below provides certain components of the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                              Fiscal 2022                     
Fiscal 2021
Cash and equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents, beginning of period                      
      $                    834,368    $                 1,124,157 Net cash (used for) provided by 
operating activities                                                                                
                 (2,343)                         277,782
Net cash used for investing activities                                                              
                                                      (140,675)                          (96,979)
Net cash used for financing activities                                                              
                                                      (155,329)                        (446,898)
Effects of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash                                           
                                          (8,452)                          (23,694) Net decrease in 
cash and equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents                                   $       
            (306,799)   $                   (289,789) Cash and equivalents, and restricted cash and 
equivalents, end of period                                      $                    527,569    $   
                 834,368

Operating activities - For Fiscal 2022 net cash used for operating activities included the 
acquisition of inventory and increased payments  to  vendors,  including  additional  rent  
payments  made  during  the  period  due  to  fiscal  calendar  shifting  relative  to monthly rent 
due dates.

Investing activities - For Fiscal 2022, net cash used for investing activities was primarily 
attributable to capital expenditures of
$164.6 million, partially offset by the proceeds from the withdrawal of $12.0 million of excess 
funds from Rabbi Trust assets and the sale of property and equipment of $11.9 million, as compared 
to net cash used for investing activities of $97.0 million in Fiscal 2021, primarily attributable 
to capital expenditures.

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           36                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents


Financing  activities  -  For  Fiscal  2022,  net  cash  used  for  financing  activities  
primarily  consisted  of  the  repurchase  of approximately 4.8 million shares of Common Stock in 
the open market with a market value of approximately $126 million, as well as the purchase of $8.0 
million of outstanding Senior Secured Notes at a slight discount to par. For Fiscal 2021, net cash 
used for financing activities primarily consisted of the repurchase of approximately 10.2 million 
shares of Common Stock in the open market with a market value of approximately $377 million. In 
addition, the Company purchased $42.3 million of its outstanding Senior Secured Notes at a premium 
of $4.7 million.

Contractual Obligations

As of January 28, 2023, the Company’s contractual obligations were as follows:

Payments due by period
(in thousands)                                                    Total                Less than 1 
year            1-3 years                  3-5 years            More than 5 years Operating lease 
obligations ⁽¹⁾                $           1,084,674    $              263,666    $              
379,625    $              270,251    $                171,132
Purchase obligations ⁽²⁾                                          233,623                    
194,248                      26,353                        4,222                          8,800
Long-term debt obligations ⁽³⁾                                 299,730                             
—                    299,730                             —                               —
Other obligations ⁽⁴⁾                                                158,992                      
50,053                      61,320                      20,745                        26,874 Total  
                                                      $           1,777,019    $              
507,967    $              767,028    $              295,218    $                206,806
⁽¹⁾      Operating  lease  obligations  consist  of  the  Company’s  future  undiscounted  
operating  lease  payments,  including  future  fixed  lease  payments associated with closed 
flagship stores. Operating lease obligations do not include variable payments related to both lease 
and nonlease components, such as contingent rent payments made by the Company based on performance, 
and payments related to taxes, insurance, and maintenance costs. Total variable lease cost was 
$150.9 million in Fiscal 2022. Refer to Note 2, “SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - 
Leases,” and Note 7, “LEASES,” for further discussion.
⁽²⁾      Purchase obligations primarily consist of non-cancelable purchase orders for merchandise 
to be delivered during Fiscal 2023 and commitments for fabric expected to be used during upcoming 
seasons. In addition, purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services, 
including, but not limited to, information technology, digital and marketing contracts, as well as 
estimated obligations related to the Company’s 13-year, 100% renewable energy supply agreement for 
its global home office and Company-owned distribution centers.
⁽³⁾      Long-term debt obligations consist of principal payments under the Senior Secured Notes. 
Refer to Note 12, “BORROWINGS,” for further discussion.
⁽⁴⁾      Other obligations consists of: interest payments related to the Senior Secured Notes 
assuming normally scheduled principal payments; estimated asset retirement obligations; known and 
scheduled payments related to the Company’s deferred compensation and supplemental retirement 
plans; tax payments associated with the provisional, mandatory one-time deemed repatriation tax on 
accumulated foreign earnings, net payable over eight years pursuant to the The Tax Cuts and Jobs 
Act; and minimum contractual obligations related to leases signed but not yet commenced, primarily 
related to the Company’s stores. Refer to Note 7, “LEASES,” Note 11, “INCOME TAXES,” Note 12, 
“BORROWINGS,” and Note 16, “SAVINGS AND RETIREMENT PLANS,” for further discussion.

Due to uncertainty as to the amounts and timing of future payments, tax related to uncertain tax 
positions, including accrued interest and penalties, of $2.5 million as of January 28, 2023 is 
excluded from the contractual obligations table. Deferred taxes are also excluded in the 
contractual obligations table. For further discussion, refer to Note 11, “INCOME TAXES.”

As  of  January  28,  2023,  the  Company  had  recorded  $3.8  million  and  $41.3  million  of  
obligations  related  to  its  deferred compensation and supplemental retirement plans in accrued 
expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, respectively. Amounts  payable  
with  known  payment  dates  of $15.4  million have  been  classified  in  the  contractual  
obligations table based on those scheduled payment dates. However, it is not reasonably practicable 
to estimate the timing and amounts for the remainder of these obligations, therefore, those amounts 
have been excluded in the contractual obligations table.

A&F had historically paid quarterly dividends on Common Stock prior to the suspension of the 
dividend program in May 2020. Because the dividend program remains suspended and the payment of 
future dividends is subject to determination and approval by the Board of Directors, there are no 
amounts included in the contractual obligations table related to dividends.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

The Company describes its significant accounting policies in Note 2, “SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT 
ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Recent accounting pronouncements.” The Company reviews recent accounting 
pronouncements on a quarterly basis and has excluded discussion of those not applicable to the 
Company and those that did not have, or are not expected to have, a material impact on the 
Company’s consolidated financial statements.










Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           37                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

The  Company’s  discussion  and  analysis  of  its  financial  condition  and  results  of  
operations  are  based  upon  the  Company’s consolidated financial statements which have been 
prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements 
requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Since 
actual results  may  differ  from  those  estimates,  the  Company  revises  its  estimates  and  
assumptions  as  new  information  becomes available. Note 2, “SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES,” describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the 
Company’s consolidated financial statements. The estimates and assumptions discussed below include 
those that the Company believes are the most critical to the portrayal of the Company’s financial 
condition and results of operations.
Policy                                                                                              
                                Effect if Actual Results Differ from Assumptions
Inventory Valuation

The Company reviews inventories on a quarterly basis. The Company reduces the inventory  valuation  
when  the  carrying  cost  of  specific  inventory  items  on  hand exceeds the amount expected to 
be realized from the ultimate sale or disposal of the goods, through a lower of cost and net 
realizable value (“LCNRV”) adjustment.
The LCNRV adjustment reduces inventory to its net realizable value based on the Company’s  
consideration  of  multiple  factors  and  assumptions,   expected  sell-off activity, composition 
and aging of inventory, historical recoverability experience and risk   of   obsolescence   from   
changes   in   economic   conditions   or   customer preferences.
Income Taxes
The  provision  for  income  taxes  is  determined  using  the  asset  and  liability approach.  
Tax  laws  often  require  items  to  be  included  in  tax  filings  at  different times  than  
the  items  are  being  reflected  in  the  financial  statements.  A  current liability is 
recognized for the estimated taxes payable for the current year. Deferred taxes represent the 
future tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  
are  recovered  or  paid.  Deferred  taxes  are adjusted for enacted changes in tax rates and tax 
laws. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than 
not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
Long-lived Assets
Long-lived   assets,   primarily   operating   lease   right-of-use   assets,   leasehold 
improvements,  furniture,  fixtures  and  equipment,  are  tested  for  recoverability whenever 
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the  long-lived  asset  
group  might  not  be  recoverable. These  include,  but  are  not limited  to,  material  declines 
 in  operational  performance,  a  history  of  losses,  an expectation  of  future  losses,  
adverse  market  conditions  and  store  closure  or relocation  decisions.  On  at  least  a  
quarterly  basis,  the  Company  reviews  for indicators  of  impairment  at  the  individual  
store  level,  the  lowest  level  for  which cash flows are identifiable.
Stores  that  display  an  indicator  of  impairment  are  subjected  to  an  impairment 
assessment.  The  Company’s  impairment  assessment  requires  management  to make  assumptions  
and  judgments  related,  but  not  limited,  to  management’s expectations for future operations 
and projected cash flows. The key assumption used in the Company’s undiscounted future store cash 
flow models is estimated sales growth rate.
An impairment loss may be recognized when these undiscounted future cash flows are  less  than  the 
 carrying  amount  of  the  asset  group.  In  the  circumstance  of impairment, any loss would be 
measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the  asset  group  over  its  fair  value.  Fair  
value  of  the  Company’s  store-related assets is determined at the individual store level based 
on the highest and best use  of  the  asset  group.  The  key  assumptions  used  in  the  
Company’s  fair  value analysis are estimated sales growth and comparable market rents.
The  Company  does  not  expect  material  changes  to  the underlying  assumptions  used  to  
measure  the  LCNRV estimate as of January 28, 2023. However, actual results could  vary  from  
estimates  and  could  significantly  impact the  ending  inventory  valuation  at  cost,  as  well 
 as  gross profit.
An  increase  or  decrease  in  the  LCNRV  adjustment  of 10%  would  have  affected  pre-tax  
loss  by  approximately
$3.6 million for Fiscal 2022.

The  Company  does  not  expect  material  changes  in  the judgments,    assumptions    or    
interpretations    used    to calculate  the  tax  provision  for  Fiscal  2023.  However, changes  
   in     these     judgments,     assumptions     or interpretations  may  occur  and  should  
those  changes  be significant,  they  could  have  a  material  impact  on  the Company’s income 
tax provision. As of the end of Fiscal 2022, the Company had recorded valuation allowances of
$130.6 million


Store   assets   that   were   tested   for   impairment   as   of January 28, 2023 and not 
impaired, had long-lived assets with  a  net  book  value  of  $69.2  million,  which  included
$54.5 million of operating lease right-of-use assets as of January 28, 2023.
Store   assets   that   were   previously   impaired   as   of January  28,  2023,  had  a  
remaining  net  book  value  of
$68.4  million,  which  included  $62.3  million  of  operating lease right-of-use assets, as of 
January 28, 2023.
If actual results are not consistent with the estimates and assumptions used in assessing 
impairment or measuring impairment losses, there may be a material impact on the Company’s 
financial condition or results of operation.

















Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           38                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes discussion of certain financial measures on both a GAAP 
and a non-GAAP basis. The Company believes that each of the non-GAAP financial measures presented 
in this “ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND  ANALYSIS  OF  FINANCIAL  CONDITION  AND  RESULTS  OF  
OPERATIONS”  is  useful  to  investors  as  it  provides  a meaningful  basis  to  evaluate  the  
Company’s  operating  performance  excluding  the  effect  of  certain  items  that  the  Company 
believes do not reflect its future operating outlook, such as certain asset impairment charges, 
therefore supplementing investors’ understanding of comparability of operations across periods. 
Management used these non-GAAP financial measures during the periods presented to assess the 
Company’s performance and to develop expectations for future operating performance. These non-GAAP 
financial measures should be used as a supplement to, and not as an alternative to, the Company’s 
GAAP financial results, and may not be calculated in the same manner as similar measures presented 
by other companies.
Excluded Items

The following financial measures are disclosed on a GAAP basis and on an adjusted non-GAAP basis 
excluding the following items, as applicable:

Financial measures ⁽¹⁾                                                                              
      Excluded items
Asset impairment                                                                                    
       Certain asset impairment charges
Operating income (loss)                                                                             
    Certain asset impairment charges
Income tax expense ⁽²⁾                                                                              
     Tax effect of pre-tax excluded items
Net income (loss) and net income (loss) per share attributable to A&F ⁽²⁾     Pre-tax excluded 
items and the tax effect of pre-tax excluded items
⁽¹⁾      Certain of these financial measures are also expressed as a percentage of net sales.
⁽²⁾      The tax effect of excluded items is the difference between the tax provision calculation 
on a GAAP basis and on an adjusted non-GAAP basis.







































Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           39                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Financial Information on a Constant Currency Basis

The  Company  provides  certain  financial  information  on  a  constant  currency  basis  to  
enhance  investors’  understanding  of underlying business trends and operating performance by 
removing the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Management also uses financial 
information on a constant currency basis to award employee performance-based compensation. The 
effect from foreign currency exchange rates, calculated on a constant currency basis, is determined 
by applying the current period’s foreign currency exchange rates to the prior year’s results and is 
net of the year-over-year impact from hedging. The per diluted share effect from foreign currency 
exchange rates is calculated using a 26% effective tax rate.

A reconciliation of financial metrics on a constant currency basis to GAAP for Fiscal 2022 and 
Fiscal 2021 is as follows:

(in thousands, except change in net sales, gross profit rate, operating margin and per share data)

Net sales                                                                                           
                                Fiscal 2022                 Fiscal 2021           % Change
GAAP                                                                                                
              $             3,697,751    $             3,712,768                  0%
Impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates                                              
            —                       (81,803)                 2% Net sales on a constant currency 
basis                                                           $             3,697,751    $        
     3,630,965                  2%
Gross profit                                                                                        
                              Fiscal 2022                 Fiscal 2021       BPS Change ⁽¹⁾
GAAP                                                                                                
              $             2,104,538    $             2,311,995                (540)
Impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates                                              
            —                       (66,846)                   40
Gross profit on a constant currency basis                                                       $   
          2,104,538    $             2,245,149                (490)

Operating income                                                                                    
                        Fiscal 2022                 Fiscal 2021       BPS Change ⁽¹⁾
GAAP                                                                                                
              $                  92,648    $                343,084                (670)
Excluded items ⁽²⁾                                                                                  
                             (14,031)                      (12,100)                    0
Adjusted non-GAAP                                                                                   
     $                106,679    $                355,184                (670) Impact from changes 
in foreign currency exchange rates                                                          —       
                (30,130)                   60
Adjusted non-GAAP on a constant currency basis                                          $           
     106,679    $                325,054                (610)
Net income per diluted share attributable to A&F                                                    
    Fiscal 2022                 Fiscal 2021            $ Change GAAP                                
                                                                              $                     
 0.05    $                      4.20               $(4.15)
Excluded items, net of tax ⁽²⁾                                                                      
                            (0.20)                          (0.15)               (0.05) Adjusted 
non-GAAP                                                                                        $   
                   0.25    $                      4.35               $(4.10) Impact from changes in 
foreign currency exchange rates                                                          —          
                 (0.36)                  0.36
Adjusted non-GAAP on a constant currency basis                                          $           
           0.25    $                      3.99               $(3.74)
⁽¹⁾      The estimated basis point change has been rounded based on the percentage of net sales 
change.
⁽²⁾      Refer to “RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,” for details on excluded items. The tax effect of 
excluded items is calculated as the difference between the tax provision on a GAAP basis and an 
adjusted non-GAAP basis.

























Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           40                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
INVESTMENT SECURITIES

The  Company  maintains  its  cash  equivalents  in  financial  instruments,  primarily  money  
market  funds  and  time  deposits,  with original maturities of three months or less. Due to the 
short-term nature of these instruments, changes in interest rates are not expected to materially 
affect the fair value of these financial instruments.

Refer to Note 9, “RABBI TRUST ASSETS,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included 
in “ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a 
discussion of the Company’s Rabbi Trust assets.

INTEREST RATE RISK

Prior to July 2, 2020, our exposure to market risk due to changes in interest rates related 
primarily to the increase or decrease in the amount of interest expense from fluctuations in the 
LIBO rate, or an alternate base rate associated with the ABL Facility and the Company’s prior term 
loan facility. On July 2, 2020, the Company issued the Senior Secured Notes due in 2025 with a 
8.75% fixed interest rate per annum and repaid all outstanding borrowings under the ABL Facility 
and its prior term loan facility, thereby eliminating any then existing cash flow market risk due 
to changes in interest rates. The Senior Secured Notes are exposed to interest  rate  risk  that  
is  limited  to  changes  in  fair  value.  This  analysis  for  Fiscal  2023  may  differ  from  
actual  results  due  to potential  changes  in  gross  borrowings  outstanding  under  the  ABL  
Facility  and  potential  changes  in  interest  rate  terms  and limitations described within the 
associated credit agreement.

In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that regulates LIBO rate) announced it 
intended to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBO rate after 2021. 
Certain publications of the LIBO rate were phased out at the end of 2021 and all LIBO rate 
publications will cease after June 30, 2023. The transition from the LIBO rate to alternative rates 
is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s interest expense. On March 15, 2023, the 
Company entered into the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to eliminate 
LIBO rate based loans and to use the current market  definitions  with  respect  to  the  Secured  
Overnight  Financing  Rate  (“SOFR”),  as  well  as  to  make  other  conforming changes.

FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK

A&F’s  international  subsidiaries  generally  operate  with  functional  currencies  other  than  
the  U.S.  Dollar.  Since  the  Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in U.S. 
dollars, the Company must translate all components of these financial statements from functional 
currencies into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of the reporting 
period. The  fluctuation  in  the  value  of  the  U.S.  dollar  against  other  currencies  
affects  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues,  expenses, assets and liabilities. The potential 
impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations increases as international operations 
relative to domestic operations increase.

A&F  and  its  subsidiaries  have  exposure  to  changes  in  foreign  currency  exchange  rates  
associated  with  foreign  currency transactions and forecasted foreign currency transactions, 
including the purchase of inventory between subsidiaries and foreign-currency-denominated  assets  
and  liabilities.  The  Company  has  established  a  program  that  primarily  utilizes  foreign  
currency exchange forward contracts to partially offset the risks associated with the effects of 
certain foreign currency transactions and forecasted transactions. Under this program, increases or 
decreases in foreign currency exchange rate exposures are partially offset by gains or losses on 
foreign currency exchange forward contracts, to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange 
gains or losses. The Company does not use forward contracts to engage in currency speculation. 
Outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts are recorded at fair value at the end of 
each fiscal period.

Foreign  currency  exchange  forward  contracts  are  sensitive  to  changes  in  foreign  currency 
 exchange  rates.  The  Company assessed the risk of loss in fair values from the effect of a 
hypothetical 10% devaluation of the U.S. dollar against the exchange rates for foreign currencies 
under forward contracts. Such a hypothetical devaluation would decrease derivative instrument fair 
values by approximately $15.3 million. As the Company’s foreign currency exchange forward contracts 
are primarily designated as cash flow hedges of forecasted transactions, the hypothetical change in 
fair values would be expected to be largely offset by the  net  change  in  fair  values  of  the  
underlying  hedged  items.  Refer  to Note  14,  “DERIVATIVE  INSTRUMENTS,”  included  in “ITEM 8. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fair value 
of outstanding  foreign  currency  exchange  forward  contracts  included  in  other  current  
assets  and  accrued  expenses  as  of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022.

For a detailed discussion of material risk factors that have the potential to cause our actual 
results to differ materially from our expectations, refer to “ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS,” included in 
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.



Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           41                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income
(Thousands, except per share amounts)

Fiscal 2022               Fiscal 2021               Fiscal 2020
Net sales                                                                                           
                           $           3,697,751    $           3,712,768    $           3,125,384
Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization                                           
             1,593,213                 1,400,773                 1,234,179
Gross profit                                                                                        
                                       2,104,538                 2,311,995                 
1,891,205
Stores and distribution expense                                                                     
                           1,482,931                 1,428,323                 1,379,948
Marketing, general and administrative expense                                                       
                   517,602                    536,815                    463,843
Asset impairment                                                                                    
                                       14,031                      12,100                      
72,937
Other operating Income, net                                                                         
                                  (2,674)                      (8,327)                      (5,054)
Operating income (loss)                                                                             
                                    92,648                    343,084                     (20,469)
Interest expense, net                                                                               
                                      25,632                      34,110                      
28,274
Income (loss) before income taxes                                                                   
                             67,016                    308,974                     (48,743)
Income tax expense                                                                                  
                                     56,631                      38,908                      60,211
Net income (loss)                                                                                   
                                        10,385                    270,066                   
(108,954)
Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                           
                     7,569                        7,056                        5,067 Net income 
(loss) attributable to A&F                                                                          
 $                  2,816    $              263,010    $            (114,021)

Net income (loss) per share attributable to A&F
Basic                                                                                               
                        $                    0.06    $                    4.41    $                 
 (1.82)
Diluted                                                                                             
                        $                    0.05    $                    4.20    $                 
 (1.82)

Weighted-average shares outstanding
Basic                                                                                               
                                          50,307                      59,597                      
62,551
Diluted                                                                                             
                                          52,327                      62,636                      
62,551

Other comprehensive (loss) income
Foreign currency translation, net of tax                                                            
       $              (11,964)   $              (22,917)   $                12,195 Derivative 
financial instruments, net of tax                                                                   
           (10,857)                     10,518                       (5,616)
Other comprehensive (loss) income                                                                   
                          (22,821)                    (12,399)                       6,579
Comprehensive (loss) income                                                                         
                             (12,436)                   257,667                   (102,375) Less: 
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                       
      7,569                        7,056                        5,067 Comprehensive (loss) income 
attributable to A&F                                                       $              (20,005)   
$              250,611    $            (107,442)

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

















Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           42                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
Consolidated Balance Sheets (Thousands, except par value amounts)

January 28, 2023     January 29, 2022
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and equivalents                                                                                
                                            $              517,602    $              823,139
Receivables                                                                                         
                                                                  104,506                      
69,102
Inventories                                                                                         
                                                                    505,621                    
525,864
Other current assets                                                                                
                                                              100,289                      89,654
Total current assets                                                                                
                                                                 1,228,018                 
1,507,759
Property and equipment, net                                                                         
                                                             551,585                    508,336
Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                                 
                                                          723,550                    698,231
Other assets                                                                                        
                                                                       209,947                    
225,165
Total assets                                                                                        
                                                         $           2,713,100    $           
2,939,491
Liabilities and stockholders’ equity Current liabilities:
Accounts payable                                                                                    
                                              $              258,895    $              374,829
Accrued expenses                                                                                    
                                                             413,303                    395,815
Short-term portion of operating lease liabilities                                                   
                                                  213,979                    222,823
Income taxes payable                                                                                
                                                             16,023                      21,773
Total current liabilities                                                                           
                                                                      902,200                 
1,015,240
Long-term liabilities:
Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities                                                    
                                                  713,361                    697,264
Long-term portion of borrowings, net                                                                
                                                    296,852                    303,574
Other liabilities                                                                                   
                                                                      94,118                      
86,089
Total long-term liabilities                                                                         
                                                                 1,104,331                 
1,086,927
Stockholders’ equity
Class A Common Stock - $0.01 par value: 150,000 shares authorized and 103,300 shares issued
for all periods presented                                                                           
                                                             1,033                        1,033
Paid-in capital                                                                                     
                                                                   416,255                    
413,190
Retained earnings                                                                                   
                                                           2,368,815                 2,386,156
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax (“AOCL”)                                           
                                   (137,527)                  (114,706) Treasury stock, at average 
cost: 54,298 and 50,315 shares at January 28, 2023 and January 29,
2022, respectively                                                                                  
                                                       (1,953,735)               (1,859,583)
Total A&F stockholders’ equity                                                                      
                                                             694,841                    826,090
Noncontrolling interests                                                                            
                                                               11,728                      11,234
Total stockholders’ equity                                                                          
                                                                 706,569                    837,324
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity                                                          
                                            $           2,713,100    $           2,939,491

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
















Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           43                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity (Thousands, except per share amounts)


Common Stock

Non-Treasury stock                Total

Shares outstanding
Par value
Paid-in capital
controlling interests
Retained
earnings           AOCL

Shares
At average cost
stockholders’ equity
Balance, February 1, 2020                    62,786   $ 1,033   $     404,983   $       12,368   $  
2,313,745   $    (108,886)     40,514   $ (1,552,065)  $   1,071,178 Net income (loss)              
                         —            —                   —              5,067        (114,021)     
             —             —                   —          (108,954)
Purchase of common stock                 (1,397)          —                   —                   — 
                  —                   —        1,397          (15,172)           (15,172) Dividends 
($0.28 per share)                       —            —                   —                   —      
    (12,556)                  —             —                   —            (12,556)
Share-based compensation
issuances and exercises                      1,010            —          (22,382)                  
—          (37,698)                  —       (1,010)          54,386              (5,694)
Share-based compensation
expense                                                     —            —            18,682        
           —                   —                   —             —                   —             
18,682
Derivative financial
instruments, net of tax                                —            —                   —           
        —                   —            (5,616)            —                   —              
(5,616)
Foreign currency translation
adjustments, net of tax                               —            —                   —            
       —                   —            12,195             —                   —             12,195
Distributions to noncontrolling
interests, net                                              —            —                   —      
      (4,751)                  —                   —             —                   —              
(4,751)
Balance, January 30, 2021                    62,399   $ 1,033   $     401,283   $       12,684   $  
2,149,470   $    (102,307)     40,901   $ (1,512,851)  $      949,312 Net income                    
                             —            —                   —              7,056          263,010 
                  —             —                   —           270,066
Purchase of common stock               (10,200)          —                   —                   —  
                 —                   —      10,200        (377,290)         (377,290)
Share-based compensation
issuances and exercises                         786            —          (17,397)                  
—          (26,324)                  —          (786)          30,558            (13,163)
Share-based compensation
expense                                                     —            —            29,304        
           —                   —                   —             —                   —             
29,304
Derivative financial
instruments, net of tax                                —            —                   —           
        —                   —            10,518             —                   —             
10,518
Foreign currency translation
adjustments, net of tax                               —            —                   —            
       —                   —          (22,917)            —                   —            (22,917)
Distributions to noncontrolling
interests, net                                              —            —                   —      
      (8,506)                  —                   —             —                   —              
(8,506)
Balance, January 29, 2022                    52,985   $ 1,033   $     413,190   $       11,234   $  
2,386,156   $    (114,706)     50,315   $ (1,859,583)  $      837,324 Net income                    
                             —            —                   —              7,569              
2,816                   —             —                   —             10,385
Purchase of common stock                 (4,770)          —                   —                   — 
                  —                   —        4,770        (125,775)         (125,775)
Share-based compensation
issuances and exercises                         787            —          (25,930)                  
—          (20,157)                  —          (787)          31,623            (14,464)
Share-based compensation
expense                                                     —            —            28,995        
           —                   —                   —             —                   —             
28,995
Derivative financial
instruments, net of tax                                —            —                   —           
        —                   —          (10,857)            —                   —            
(10,857)
Foreign currency translation
adjustments, net of tax                               —            —                   —            
       —                   —          (11,964)            —                   —            (11,964)
Distributions to noncontrolling
interests, net                                              —            —                   —      
      (7,075)                  —                   —             —                   —              
(7,075)
Balance, January 28, 2023                    49,002   $ 1,033   $     416,255   $       11,728   $  
2,368,815   $    (137,527)     54,298   $ (1,953,735)  $      706,569

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.














Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           44                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Thousands)

Fiscal 2022           Fiscal 2021           Fiscal 2020
Operating activities
Net income (loss)                                                                                   
                                  $            10,385    $          270,066    $        (108,954)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used for) provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization                                                                       
                                   132,243                144,035                166,281
Asset impairment                                                                                    
                                            14,031                  12,100                  72,937
Loss on disposal                                                                                    
                                                  552                    5,020                  
16,353
Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes                                                       
                              11,500                 (31,922)                 23,986
Share-based compensation                                                                            
                                    28,995                  29,304                  18,682 (Gain) 
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                      
                                 (52)                   5,347                         —
Changes in assets and liabilities
Inventories                                                                                         
                                                 18,505               (123,221)                 
33,312
Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                               
                        (115,152)                 77,910                186,747
Operating lease right-of use assets and liabilities                                                 
                            (18,495)                (93,827)                (55,700)
Income taxes                                                                                        
                                               (7,390)                  (3,086)                 
10,753
Other assets                                                                                        
                                              (86,923)                      396                  
38,632
Other liabilities                                                                                   
                                                   9,458                 (14,340)                   
1,889
Net cash (used for) provided by operating activities                                                
                               (2,343)               277,782                404,918 Investing 
activities
Purchases of property and equipment                                                                 
                            (164,566)                (96,979)              (101,910)
Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment                                                    
                        11,891                         —                         —
Withdrawal of funds from Rabbi Trust assets                                                         
                             12,000                         —                  50,000
Net cash used for investing activities                                                              
                                    (140,675)                (96,979)                (51,910) 
Financing activities
Proceeds from issuance of senior secured notes                                                      
                                 —                         —                350,000 Proceeds from 
borrowings under the senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility                        —  
                       —                210,000 Repayment of borrowings under the term loan 
facility                                                                                —           
              —               (233,250) Repayment of borrowings under the senior secured 
asset-based revolving credit facility                         —                         —           
    (210,000) Purchase of senior secured notes                                                      
                                                  (7,862)                (46,969)                   
     —
Payment of debt issuance costs and fees                                                             
                                  (181)                  (2,016)                  (7,318) Purchases 
of common stock                                                                                     
                       (125,775)              (377,290)                (15,172) Dividends paid      
                                                                                                    
                                  —                         —                 (12,556)
Other financing activities                                                                          
                                          (21,511)                (20,623)                (11,987)
Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities                                                
                            (155,329)              (446,898)                 69,717
Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash                                                   
                              (8,452)                (23,694)                   9,168 Net 
(decrease) increase in cash and equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents                    
(306,799)              (289,789)               431,893 Cash and equivalents, and restricted cash 
and equivalents, beginning of period                               834,368             1,124,157    
            692,264 Cash and equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents, end of period        
                     $          527,569    $          834,368    $       1,124,157 Supplemental 
information related to non-cash activities
Purchases of property and equipment not yet paid at end of period                                   
     $            57,313    $            29,932    $            16,250
Operating lease right-of-use assets additions, net of terminations, impairments and other
reductions                                                                                          
                                       $          269,430    $            29,241    $          
(38,279)
Supplemental information related to cash activities
Cash paid for interest                                                                              
                                 $            26,687    $            28,413    $            26,629
Cash paid for income taxes                                                                          
                            $            53,011    $            74,709    $            15,210
Cash received from income tax refunds                                                               
                    $              3,701    $              2,292    $              4,650 Cash paid 
for amounts included in measurement of operating lease liabilities, net of
abatements received of $3.9 million and  $17.9 million in Fiscal 2022 and 2021,
respectively                                                                                        
                                      $          263,269    $          364,842    $          
316,992

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.



Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           45                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
Index for Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


Page No.
Note 1.              NATURE OF BUSINESS                                                             
Note 2.              SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES                                     
Note 3.              REVENUE RECOGNITION                                                            
Note 4.              FAIR VALUE                                                                     
Note 5.              INVENTORIES                                                                    
Note 6.              PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET                                                    
Note 7.              LEASES                                                                         
Note 8.              ASSET IMPAIRMENT                                                               
Note 9.              RABBI TRUST ASSETS                                                             
Note 10.            ACCRUED EXPENSES                                                                
Note 11.            INCOME TAXES                                                                    
Note 12.            BORROWINGS                                                                      
Note 13.            SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION                                                        
Note 14.            DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS                                                          
Note 15.            ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS                                            
Note 16.            SAVINGS AND RETIREMENT PLANS                                                    
Note 17.            SEGMENT REPORTING                                                               
Note 18.            CONTINGENCIES                                                                   
Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           46                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents







1. NATURE OF BUSINESS

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (“A&F”), a company incorporated in Delaware in 1996, through its 
subsidiaries (collectively, A&F and its subsidiaries  are  referred  to  as  “Abercrombie  &  
Fitch”  or  the  “Company”),  is  a  global,  digitally-led  omnichannel  retailer.   The Company 
offers a broad assortment of apparel, personal care products and accessories for men, women and 
kids, which are sold primarily through its digital channels and Company-owned stores, as well as 
through various third-party arrangements.  The Company’s two brand-based operating segments are 
Hollister, which includes the Company’s Hollister, Gilly Hicks and Social Tourist brands, and 
Abercrombie, which includes the Company’s Abercrombie & Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. These 
five brands share a commitment to offering unique products of enduring quality and exceptional 
comfort that allow customers around the world to express their own individuality and style. The 
Company operates primarily in North America, Europe, Middle East and Asia.


2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Principles of Consolidation

The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include historical financial statements of, and 
transactions applicable to, the Company and reflect its financial position, results of operations 
and cash flows.

The  Company  has  interests  in  an  Emirati  business  venture  and  in  a  Kuwaiti  business  
venture  with  Majid  al  Futtaim  Fashion
L.L.C. (“MAF”) and a “U.S.” business venture with Dixar L.L.C. (“Dixar”), each of which meets the 
definition of a variable interest entity (“VIE”). The purpose of the business ventures with MAF is 
to operate stores in the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait and the  purpose  of  the  business  
venture  with  Dixar  is  to  hold  the  intellectual  property  related  to  the  Social  Tourist  
brand.  The Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of these VIEs; therefore, the Company 
has consolidated the operating results, assets and liabilities of these VIEs, with the 
noncontrolling interests’ (“NCI”) portions of net income presented as net income attributable to 
NCI on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income and the NCI 
portion of stockholders equity presented as NCI on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Fiscal Year

The  Company’s  fiscal  year  ends  on  the  Saturday  closest  to  January  31.  This  typically  
results  in  a  fifty-two  week  year,  but occasionally gives rise to an additional week, 
resulting in a fifty-three week year. Fiscal years are designated in the Consolidated Financial  
Statements  and  notes  by  the  calendar  year  in  which  the  fiscal  year  commences.  All  
references  herein  to  the Company’s fiscal years are as follows:

Fiscal year                                                                                         
                                                    Year ended/ ending        Number of weeks
Fiscal 2019                                                                                         
                                                     February 1, 2020                        52
Fiscal 2020                                                                                         
                                                     January 30, 2021                        52
Fiscal 2021                                                                                         
                                                     January 29, 2022                        52
Fiscal 2022                                                                                         
                                                     January 28, 2023                        52
Fiscal 2023                                                                                         
                                                     February 3, 2024                        53
Use of Estimates
The  preparation  of  financial  statements,  in  conformity  with  U.S.  generally  accepted  
accounting  principles  (“GAAP”),  requires management  to  make  estimates  and  assumptions  that 
 affect  the  reported  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of contingent  
assets  and  liabilities  at  the  date  of  the  financial  statements  and  the  reported  
amounts  of  net  sales  and  expenses during the reporting period. Due to the inherent uncertainty 
involved with estimates, actual results may differ. Additionally, these estimates  and  assumptions 
 may  change  as  a  result  of  the  impact  of  global  economic  conditions  such  as  the  
uncertainty regarding a  slowing economy, rising interest rates, continued inflation, fluctuation 
in foreign exchange rates, the ongoing conflict in Ukraine which could result in material impacts 
to the Company’s consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods.







Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           47                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



Reclassifications

The  Company  reclassified  flagship  store  exit  (benefits)  charges  into  stores  and  
distribution  expense  on  the  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) 
Income. There were no changes to operating income (loss) or net income (loss). Prior period amounts 
have been reclassified to conform to current year’s presentation.

Cash and Equivalents

A summary of cash and equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheets follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                           January 28, 2023     January 29, 2022
Cash (1)                                                                                            
                                                                                                    
                                                       $              467,238    $              
762,187
Cash equivalents: ⁽²⁾
Time deposits                                                                                       
                                                                               —                    
  11,643
Money market funds                                                                                  
                                                                  50,364                      
49,309
Cash and equivalents                                                                                
                                                    $              517,602    $              
823,139
⁽¹⁾    Primarily consists of amounts on deposit with financial institutions.
⁽²⁾    Investments with original maturities of less than three months.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Reconciliation

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and equivalents and restricted cash and 
equivalents to the amounts shown on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:

(in thousands)                                                                        Location      
                    January 28, 2023     January 29, 2022     January 30, 2021
Cash and equivalents                                                            Cash and 
equivalents     $             517,602    $             823,139    $          1,104,862 Long-term 
restricted cash and equivalents                            Other assets                             
         9,967                      11,229                      14,814 Short-term restricted cash 
and equivalents                           Other current assets                               —      
                       —                        4,481 Restricted cash and equivalents ⁽¹⁾           
                                                                    $                 9,967    $    
           11,229    $               19,295 Cash and equivalents and restricted cash and 
equivalents                                         $             527,569    $             834,368  
  $          1,124,157
⁽¹⁾    Restricted  cash  and  equivalents  primarily  consists  of  amounts  on  deposit  with  
banks  that  are  used  as  collateral  for  customary  non-debt  banking commitments and deposits 
into trust accounts to conform to standard insurance security requirements.

Receivables

Receivables on the Consolidated Balance Sheets primarily include credit card receivables, lessor 
construction allowance and lease incentive receivables, value added tax (“VAT”) receivables, trade 
receivables, income tax receivables and other tax credits or refunds.

As part of the normal course of business, the Company has approximately three to four days of 
proceeds from sales transactions outstanding with its third-party credit card vendors at any point. 
The Company classifies these outstanding balances as credit card receivables. Lessor construction 
allowances are recorded for certain store lease agreements for improvements completed by the 
Company. VAT receivables are payments the Company has made on purchases of goods that will be 
recovered as those goods  are  sold. Trade  receivables  are  amounts  billed  by  the  Company  to 
 wholesale,  franchise  and  licensing  partners  in  the ordinary course of business. Income tax 
receivables represent refunds of certain tax payments along with net operating loss and credit 
carryback claims for which the Company expects to receive refunds within the next 12 months.

Inventories

Inventories on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable 
value on a weighted-average cost basis. The Company reduces the carrying value of inventory through 
a lower of cost and net realizable value adjustment, the impact of which is reflected in cost of 
sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations  
and  Comprehensive  (Loss)  Income.  The  lower  of  cost  and  net  realizable  value  adjustment  
is  based  on  the Company’s consideration of multiple factors and assumptions including demand 
forecasts, current sales volumes, expected sell-off  activity,  composition  and aging of 
inventory,  historical recoverability  experience and risk  of obsolescence from  changes  in 
economic conditions or customer preferences.

Additionally,  as  part  of  inventory  valuation,  inventory  shrinkage  estimates  based  on  
historical  trends  from  actual  physical inventories  are  made  each  quarter  that  reduce  the 
 inventory  value  for  lost  or  stolen  items.  The  Company  performs  physical inventories on a 
periodic basis and adjusts the shrink estimate accordingly. Refer to Note 5, “INVENTORIES.”

The Company’s global sourcing of merchandise is generally negotiated, contracted, and settled in 
U.S. Dollars.

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           48                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.




Other Current Assets

Other  current  assets  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets  consist  of:  prepaid  expenses  
including  those  related  to  rent, information technology maintenance and taxes; current store 
supplies; derivative contracts; short-term restricted cash and other.

Property and Equipment, Net

Depreciation of property and equipment is computed for financial reporting purposes on a 
straight-line basis using the following service lives:

Category of property and equipment                                                                  
                                                                                Service lives
Information technology                                                                              
                                                                                           3 - 7 
years
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                   
                                                                                    3 - 15 years
Leasehold improvements                                                                              
                                                                                      3 - 15 years
Other property and equipment                                                                        
                                                                                    3 - 20 years
Buildings                                                                                           
                                                                                                    
 30 years

Leasehold improvements are amortized over either their respective lease terms or their service 
lives, whichever is shorter. The cost of assets sold or retired and the related accumulated 
depreciation are removed from the accounts with any resulting gain or loss included in net income 
on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. Maintenance and 
repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major remodels and improvements that extend the service 
lives of the related assets are capitalized.

The  Company  capitalizes  certain  direct  costs  associated  with  the  development  and  
purchase  of internal-use  software  within property and equipment and other assets. Capitalized 
costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the software, 
generally not exceeding seven years.

Refer to Note 6, “PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET.”

Leases

The  Company  determines  if  an  arrangement  is  an  operating  lease  at  inception.  For  new  
operating  leases,  the  Company recognizes an asset for the right to use a leased asset and a 
liability based on the present value of remaining lease payments over  the  lease  term  on  the  
lease  commencement  date.  The  commencement  date  for  new  leases  is  when  the  lessor  makes 
the leased asset available for use by the Company, typically the possession date.

As the rates implicit in the Company’s leases are not readily determinable, the Company uses its 
incremental borrowing rate based on the transactional currency of the operating lease and the lease 
term for the initial measurement of the operating lease right-of-use asset and liability.

The measurement of operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities includes amounts related to:
•      Lease payments made prior to the lease commencement date;
•      Incentives from landlords received by the Company for signing a lease, including 
construction allowances or deferred lease  credits  paid  to  the  Company  by  landlords  towards  
construction  and  tenant  improvement  costs,  which  are presented as a reduction to the 
right-of-use asset recorded;
•      Fixed  payments  related  to  operating  lease  components,  such  as  rent  escalation  
payments  scheduled  at  the  lease commencement date;
•      Fixed payments related to nonlease components, such as taxes, insurance, and maintenance 
costs; and
•      Unamortized initial direct costs incurred in conjunction with securing a lease, including 
key money, which are amounts paid directly to a landlord in exchange for securing the lease, and 
leasehold acquisition costs, which are amounts paid to parties other than the landlord, such as an 
existing tenant, to secure the desired lease.

The measurement of operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities excludes amounts related to:
•      Costs  expected  to  be  incurred  to  return  a  leased  asset  to  its  original  
condition,  also  referred  to  as  asset  retirement obligations, which are classified within 
other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets;
•      Variable payments related to operating lease components, such as contingent rent payments 
made by the Company based on performance, the expense of which is recognized in the period incurred 
on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income;
•      Variable payments related to nonlease components, such as taxes, insurance, and maintenance 
costs, the expense of which is recognized in the period incurred in the Consolidated Statements of 
Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income; and

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           49                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



•      Leases not related to Company-operated retail stores with an initial term of 12 months or 
less, the expense of which is recognized in the period incurred in the Consolidated Statements of 
Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income.

Certain of the Company’s operating leases include options to extend the lease or to terminate the 
lease. The Company assesses these  operating  leases  and,  depending  on  the  facts  and  
circumstances,  may  or  may  not  include  these  options  in  the measurement of the Company’s 
operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities. Generally, the Company’s options to extend its 
operating leases are at the Company’s sole discretion and at the time of lease commencement are not 
reasonably certain of being exercised. There may be instances in which a lease is being renewed on 
a month-to-month basis and, in these instances, the  Company  will  recognize  lease  expense  in  
the  period  incurred  in  the  Consolidated  Statements  of  Operations  and Comprehensive  (Loss) 
 Income  until  a  new  agreement  has  been  executed.  Upon  the  signing  of  the  renewal  
agreement,  the Company recognizes an asset for the right to use the leased asset and a liability 
based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term.

Amortization  and  interest  expense  related  to  operating  lease  right-of-use  assets  and  
liabilities  are  generally  calculated  on  a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
Amortization and interest expense related to previously impaired operating lease right-of-use 
assets are calculated on a front-loaded pattern. Depending on the nature of the operating lease, 
amortization and interest expense are primarily recorded within stores and distribution expense, 
marketing, or general and administrative expense,  on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and 
Comprehensive (Loss) Income.

The  Company’s  operating  lease  agreements  do  not  contain  any  material  residual  value  
guarantees  or  material  restrictive covenants. In addition, the Company does not have any 
sublease arrangements with any related party.

Refer to Note 7, “LEASES.”

Long-lived Asset Impairment

For the purposes of asset impairment, the Company’s long-lived assets, primarily operating lease 
right-of-use assets, leasehold improvements,  furniture,  fixtures  and  equipment,  are  grouped  
with  other  assets  and  liabilities  at  the  store  level,  which  is  the lowest level for 
which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and 
liabilities.  On at least a  quarterly  basis,  management  reviews  the  Company’s  asset  groups  
for  indicators  of  impairment,  which  include,  but  are  not limited  to,  material  declines  
in  operational  performance,  a  history  of  losses,  an  expectation  of  future  losses,  
adverse  market conditions,  store  closure  or  relocation  decisions,  and  any  other  events  
or  changes  in  circumstances  that  would  indicate  the carrying amount of an asset group might 
not be recoverable.

If an asset group displays an indicator of impairment, it is tested for recoverability by comparing 
the sum of the estimated future undiscounted  cash  flows  attributable  to  the  asset  group  to  
the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  group.   This  recoverability  test requires  management  to 
 make  assumptions  and  judgments  related,  but  not  limited,  to  management’s  expectations  
for  future cash  flows  from  operating  the  store.  The  key  assumption  used  in  developing  
these  projected  cash  flows  used  in  the recoverability test is estimated sales growth rate.

If the sum of the estimated future undiscounted cash flows attributable to an asset group is less 
than its carrying amount, and it is determined that the carrying amount of the asset group is not 
recoverable, management determines if there is an impairment loss by comparing the carrying amount 
of the asset group to its fair value.  Fair value of an asset group  is based on the highest and  
best  use  of  the  asset  group,  often  using  a  discounted  cash  flow  model  that  utilizes  
Level  3  fair  value  inputs. The  key assumptions  used  in  the  Company’s  fair  value  
analyses  are  estimated  sales  growth  rate  and  comparable  market  rents. An impairment loss 
is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value.

Refer to Note 8, “ASSET IMPAIRMENT.”

Other Assets

Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist primarily of the Company’s trust-owned life 
insurance policies held in the irrevocable rabbi trust (the “Rabbi Trust”), deferred tax assets, 
long-term deposits, intellectual property, long-term restricted cash and equivalents, long-term 
supplies and various other assets.









Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           50                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



Rabbi Trust Assets

The Rabbi Trust includes amounts, restricted in their use, to meet funding obligations to 
participants in the Abercrombie & Fitch Co.  Nonqualified  Savings  and  Supplemental  Retirement  
Plan  I,  the  Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Co.  Nonqualified  Savings  and Supplemental Retirement Plan 
II and the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. The Rabbi Trust assets primarily consist of 
trust-owned  life  insurance  policies  which  are  recorded  at  cash  surrender  value  and  are  
included  in  other  assets  on  the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The change in cash surrender 
value of the life insurance policies in the Rabbi Trust is recorded in interest expense, net on the 
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income.

Refer to Note 9, “RABBI TRUST ASSETS.”

Intellectual Property

Intellectual property primarily includes trademark assets associated with the Company’s 
international operations, consisting of finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets. The 
Company’s finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over a useful life of 10 to 20 years.

Income Taxes

Income taxes are calculated using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and 
liabilities are recognized based on the difference  between  the  financial  statement  carrying  
amounts  of  existing  assets  and  liabilities  and  their  respective  tax  bases. Deferred tax 
assets and liabilities are measured using current enacted tax rates in effect for the years in 
which those temporary differences  are expected to  reverse.  Inherent  in the  determination of 
the  Company’s  income tax  liability and related  deferred income  tax  balances  are  certain  
judgments  and  interpretations  of  enacted  tax  law  and  published  guidance  with  respect  to 
applicability to the Company’s operations. The Company is subject to audit by taxing authorities, 
usually several years after tax returns  have  been  filed,  and  the  taxing  authorities  may  
have  differing  interpretations  of  tax  laws.  Valuation  allowances  are established to reduce 
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized when it is more likely than not that some 
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

The Company records tax expense or benefit that does not relate to ordinary income in the current 
fiscal year discretely in the period in which it occurs. Examples of such types of discrete items 
include, but are not limited to: changes in estimates of the outcome of tax matters related to 
prior years, assessments of valuation allowances, return-to-provision adjustments, tax-exempt 
income, the settlement of tax audits and changes in tax legislation and/or regulations.

Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more likely than not that the 
position will be sustained upon examination,  including  resolutions  of  any  related  appeals  or 
 litigation  processes,  based  on  the  technical  merits.  The  amount recognized  is  measured  
as  the  largest  amount  of  tax  benefit  that  is  greater  than  50  percent  likely  of  being 
 realized  upon settlement.  The Company’s effective tax rate includes the impact of reserve 
provisions and changes to reserves on uncertain tax positions that are not more likely than not to 
be sustained upon examination as well as related interest and penalties.

A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which the Company has established a 
reserve, is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies depending 
on the tax jurisdiction. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of 
resolution of any particular tax matter, the Company believes that its reserves reflect the 
probable outcome of known tax contingencies. Unfavorable settlement of any particular issue may 
require use of the Company’s cash. Favorable resolution would be recognized as a reduction to the 
Company’s effective tax rate in the period of resolution.

The  Company  recognizes  accrued  interest  and  penalties  related  to  uncertain  tax  positions 
 as  a  component  of  income  tax expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and 
Comprehensive (Loss) Income.

Refer to Note 11, “INCOME TAXES.”

Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions

The functional currencies of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries are generally the currencies of the 
environments in which each subsidiary  primarily  generates  and  expends  cash,  which  is  often  
the  local  currency  of  the  country  in  which  each  subsidiary operates. The financial 
statements of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. 
Dollar are translated into U.S. Dollars (the Company’s reporting currency), as follows: assets and 
liabilities are translated at the exchange rate  prevailing  at  the  balance  sheet  date,  equity 
 accounts  are  translated  at  historical  exchange  rates,  and  revenues  and expenses are 
translated at the monthly average exchange rate for the period.




Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           51                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



Foreign currency transactions, which are transactions denominated in a currency other than the 
entity’s functional currency, are initially measured in the functional currency of the recording 
entity using the exchange rate in effect at that date.  Subsequently, assets  and  liabilities  
associated  with  foreign  currency  transactions  are  remeasured  into  the  entity’s  functional 
 currency  using historical exchange rates when remeasuring nonmonetary assets and liabilities and 
current exchange rates when remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities.

Gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities are included 
in other operating income, net;  whereas,  translation  adjustments  and  gains  and  losses  
associated  with  measuring  inter-company  loans  of  a  long-term investment nature are reported 
as an element of other comprehensive income (loss).

Derivative Instruments

The Company is exposed to risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates and uses 
derivative instruments, primarily forward contracts, to manage the financial impacts of these 
exposures. The Company does not use forward contracts to engage in currency speculation and does 
not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

In  order  to  qualify  for  hedge  accounting  treatment,  a  derivative  instrument  must  be  
considered  highly  effective  at  offsetting changes in either the hedged item’s cash flows or 
fair value. Additionally, the hedge relationship must be documented to include the  risk  
management  objective  and  strategy,  the  hedging  instrument,  the  hedged  item,  the  risk  
exposure,  and  how  hedge effectiveness  will  be  assessed  prospectively  and  retrospectively. 
The  extent  to  which  a  hedging  instrument  has  been,  and  is expected  to  continue  to  be, 
 effective  at  offsetting  changes  in  fair  value  or  cash  flows  is  assessed  and  
documented  at  least quarterly. If the underlying hedged item is no longer probable of occurring, 
hedge accounting is discontinued.

For derivative instruments that either do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not designated as 
hedges, all changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument are recognized in earnings. For 
qualifying cash flow hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivative  instrument  is  
recorded  as  a  component  of  other  comprehensive  income  (loss)  (“OCI”)  and  recognized  in  
earnings when the hedged cash flows affect earnings. If the cash flow hedge relationship is 
terminated, the derivative instrument gains or losses that are deferred in OCI will be recognized 
in earnings when the hedged cash flows occur. However, for cash flow hedges that are terminated 
because the forecasted transaction is not expected to occur in the original specified time period, 
or a two-month period thereafter, the derivative instrument gains or losses are immediately 
recognized in earnings.

The Company uses derivative instruments, primarily forward contracts designated as cash flow 
hedges, to hedge the foreign currency exchange rate exposure associated with forecasted 
foreign-currency-denominated intercompany inventory transactions with foreign subsidiaries before 
inventory is sold to third parties. Fluctuations in exchange rates will either increase or decrease 
the  Company’s  intercompany  equivalent  cash  flows  and  affect  the  Company’s  U.S.  Dollar  
earnings.  Gains  or  losses  on  the foreign  currency  exchange  forward  contracts  that  are  
used  to  hedge  these  exposures  are  expected  to  partially  offset  this variability. Foreign 
currency exchange forward contracts represent agreements to exchange the currency of one country 
for the currency  of  another  country  at  an  agreed  upon  settlement  date.  These  forward  
contracts  typically  have  a  maximum  term  of twelve months. The conversion of the inventory to 
cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, will result in the reclassification  of  
related  derivative  gains  and  losses  that  are  reported  in  AOCL  on  the  Consolidated  
Balance  Sheets  into earnings.

The  Company  also  uses  foreign  currency  exchange  forward  contracts  to  hedge  certain  
foreign-currency-denominated  net monetary  assets  and  liabilities,  such  as  cash  balances,  
receivables  and  payables.  Fluctuations  in  foreign  currency  exchange rates result in 
transaction gains and losses being recorded in earnings as monetary assets and liabilities are 
remeasured at the spot  exchange  rate  at  the  Company’s  fiscal  month-end  or  upon  
settlement.  The  Company  has  chosen  not  to  apply  hedge accounting to these foreign currency 
exchange forward contracts because there are no differences in the timing of gain or loss 
recognition on the hedging instruments and the hedged items.

The Company presents its derivative assets and derivative liabilities at their gross fair values 
within other current assets and accrued liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance 
Sheets. However, the Company’s derivative instruments allow net settlements under certain 
conditions.

Refer to Note 14, “DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS.”









Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           52                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



Stockholders’ Equity

A summary of the Company’s Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value, and Class B Common Stock, $0.01 
par value, follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                           January 28, 2023     January 29, 2022
Class A Common Stock
Shares authorized                                                                                   
                                                                      150,000                    
150,000
Shares issued                                                                                       
                                                                        103,300                    
103,300
Shares outstanding                                                                                  
                                                                       49,002                      
52,985
Class B Common Stock ⁽¹⁾
Shares authorized                                                                                   
                                                                      106,400                    
106,400
⁽¹⁾    No shares were issued or outstanding as of each of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022.

Holders  of  Class A Common  Stock  generally  have  identical  rights  to  holders  of  Class  B  
Common  Stock,  except  holders  of Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share while 
holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to three votes per share on all matters submitted to a 
vote of stockholders.

Revenue Recognition

The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when control of the good is transferred to the 
customer, generally upon pick up at, or shipment from, a Company location.

The Company provides shipping and handling services to customers in certain transactions under its 
digital operations. Revenue associated  with  the  related  shipping  and  handling  obligations  
is  deferred  until  the  obligation  is  fulfilled,  typically  upon  the customer’s receipt of 
the merchandise. The related shipping and handling costs are classified in stores and distribution 
expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income.

Revenue  is  recorded  net  of  estimated  returns,  associate  discounts,  promotions  and  other  
similar  customer  incentives.  The Company estimates reserves for sales returns based on 
historical experience among other factors. The sales return reserve is classified in accrued 
expenses with a corresponding asset related to the projected returned merchandise recorded in 
inventory on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

The Company accounts for gift cards sold to customers by recognizing an unearned revenue liability 
at the time of sale, which is recognized as net sales when redeemed by the customer or when the 
Company has determined the likelihood of redemption to be remote, referred to as gift card 
breakage. Gift card breakage is recognized proportionally with gift card redemptions in net sales. 
Gift cards sold to customers do not expire or lose value over periods of inactivity and the Company 
is not required by law to escheat the value of unredeemed gift cards to the jurisdictions in which 
it operates.

The  Company  also  maintains  loyalty  programs,  which  primarily  provide  customers  with  the  
opportunity  to  earn  points  toward future merchandise discount rewards with qualifying 
purchases. The Company accounts for expected future reward redemptions by recognizing an unearned 
revenue liability as customers accumulate points, which remains until revenue is recognized at the 
earlier of redemption or expiration.

Unearned revenue liabilities related to the Company’s gift card program and loyalty programs are 
classified in accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are typically recognized as 
revenue within a 12-month period.

For additional details on the Company’s unearned revenue liabilities related to the Company’s gift 
card and loyalty programs, refer to Note 3, “REVENUE RECOGNITION.”

The Company also recognizes revenue under wholesale arrangements when control passes to the 
wholesale partner, which is generally upon shipment. Revenue from the Company’s franchise and 
license arrangements, primarily royalties earned upon the sale  of  merchandise,  is  generally  
recognized  at  the  time  merchandise  is  sold  to  the  franchisees’  retail  customers  or  to  
the licensees’ wholesale customers.

The  Company does not include tax  amounts collected  from  customers  on behalf of third  parties, 
including sales  and indirect taxes, in net sales.

All revenues are recognized in net sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and 
Comprehensive (Loss) Income. For a discussion of the disaggregation of revenue, refer to Note 17, 
“SEGMENT REPORTING.”



Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           53                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



Cost of Sales, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization

Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization on the Consolidated Statements of 
Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income, primarily consists of cost incurred to ready inventory 
for sale, including product costs, freight, and import costs, as well  as  provisions  for  
reserves  for  shrink  and  lower  of  cost  and  net  realizable  value.  Gains  and  losses  
associated  with  the effective portion of designated foreign currency exchange forward contracts 
related to the hedging of intercompany inventory transactions are also recognized in cost of sales, 
exclusive of depreciation and amortization, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and 
Comprehensive (Loss) Income.

The Company’s cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, and consequently gross 
profit, may not be comparable to those of other retailers, as inclusion of certain costs vary 
across the industry. Some retailers include all costs related to buying, design  and  distribution  
operations  in  cost  of  sales,  while  others  may  include  either  all  or  a  portion  of  
these  costs  in  selling, general and administrative expenses.

Stores and Distribution Expense

Stores  and  distribution  expense  on  the  Consolidated  Statements  of  Operations  and  
Comprehensive  (Loss)  Income  primarily consists  of:  store  payroll;  store  management;  
operating  lease  costs;  utilities  and  other  landlord  expenses;  depreciation  and 
amortization, except for those amounts included in marketing, general and administrative expense; 
repairs and maintenance and other  store  support  functions;  marketing  and  other  costs  
related  to  the  Company’s  digital  operations;  shipping  and  handling costs; and distribution 
center (“DC”) expense.

A summary of shipping and handling costs, which includes costs incurred to store, move and prepare 
product for shipment and costs incurred to physically move product to our customers across 
channels, follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                         Fiscal 2022            Fiscal 2021            Fiscal 2020
Shipping and handling costs                                                                         
                       $           356,280    $           306,220    $           291,534

Marketing, General and Administrative Expense

Marketing,  general  and  administrative  expense  on  the  Consolidated  Statements  of  
Operations  and  Comprehensive  (Loss) Income  primarily  consists  of:  home  office  compensation 
 and  marketing,  except  for  those  departments  included  in  stores  and distribution expense; 
information technology; outside services, such as legal and consulting; depreciation, primarily 
related to IT and  other  home  office  assets;  amortization  related  to  trademark  assets;  
costs  to  design  and  develop  the  Company’s merchandise; relocation; recruiting; and travel 
expenses.

Other Operating Income, Net

Other operating income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) 
Income primarily consists of  gains  and  losses  resulting  from  foreign-currency-denominated  
transactions.  A  summary  of  foreign-currency-denominated transaction (losses) gains, including 
those related to derivative instruments, follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                      Fiscal 2022             Fiscal 2021             Fiscal 2020
Foreign-currency-denominated transaction (losses) gains                                             
   $              (1,626)   $                4,232    $                3,933

Interest Expense, Net

Interest  expense  primarily  consists  of  interest  expense  on  the  Company’s  long-term  
borrowings  outstanding.  Interest  income primarily consists of interest income earned on the 
Company’s investments and cash holdings and realized gains from the Rabbi Trust assets.

A summary of interest expense, net follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                       Fiscal 2022             Fiscal 2021             Fiscal 2020
Interest expense                                                                                    
                             $              30,236    $              37,958    $              
31,726
Interest income                                                                                     
                                              (4,604)                    (3,848)                    
(3,452)
Interest expense, net                                                                               
                           $              25,632    $              34,110    $              28,274





Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           54                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



Advertising Costs

Advertising costs consist primarily of paid media advertising, direct digital advertising, 
including e-mail distribution, digital content and in-store photography and signage.

Advertising costs related specifically to digital operations are expensed as incurred and the 
production of in-store photography and signage is expensed when the marketing campaign commences as 
components of stores and distribution expense. All other advertising costs are expensed as incurred 
as components of marketing, general and administrative expense.

A summary of advertising costs follows:
(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                      Fiscal 2022             Fiscal 2021             Fiscal 2020
Advertising costs                                                                                   
                            $           189,347     $            204,575     $            118,537

Share-based Compensation
The  Company  issues  shares  of  Class  A  Common  Stock,  $0.01  par  value  (the  “Common  
Stock”)  from  treasury  stock  upon exercise  of  stock  appreciation  rights  and  vesting  of  
restricted  stock  units,  including  those  converted  from  performance  share awards. As of 
January 28, 2023, the Company had sufficient treasury stock available to settle restricted stock 
units and stock appreciation rights outstanding. Settlement of stock awards in Common Stock also 
requires that the Company have sufficient shares available in stockholder-approved plans at the 
applicable time.

In the event there are not sufficient shares of Common Stock available to be issued under the 
Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Directors (as amended effective May 20, 
2020, the “2016 Directors LTIP”) and the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for 
Associates (as amended effective June 8, 2022, the “2016 Associates LTIP”), or under  a  successor  
or  replacement  plan  at  each  reporting  date  as  of  which  share-based  compensation  awards  
remain outstanding, the Company may be required to designate some portion of the outstanding awards 
to be settled in cash, which would  result  in  liability  classification  of  such  awards.  The  
fair  value  of  liability-classified  awards  would  be  re-measured  each reporting date until 
such awards no longer remain outstanding or until sufficient shares of Common Stock become 
available to be issued under the existing plans or under a successor or replacement plan. As long 
as the awards are required to be classified as a liability, the change in fair value would be 
recognized in current period expense based on the requisite service period rendered.

Fair  value  of  both  service-based  and  performance-based  restricted  stock  units  is  
calculated  using  the  market  price  of  the underlying Common Stock on the date of grant reduced 
for anticipated dividend payments on unvested shares. In determining fair  value,  the  Company  
does  not  take  into  account  performance-based  vesting  requirements.  Performance-based  
vesting requirements are taken into account in determining the number of awards expected to vest. 
For market-based restricted stock units, fair value is calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation 
with the number of shares that ultimately vest dependent on the Company’s total stockholder return 
measured against the total stockholder return of a select group of peer companies over a three-year 
 period.  For  awards  with  performance-based  or  market-based  vesting  requirements,  the  
number  of  shares  that ultimately vest can vary from 0% to 200% of target depending on the level 
of achievement of performance criteria.

The Company estimates the fair value of stock appreciation rights using the Black-Scholes 
option-pricing model, which requires the Company to estimate the expected term of the stock 
appreciation rights and expected future stock price volatility over the expected  term.  Estimates  
of  expected  terms,  which  represent  the  expected  periods  of  time  the  Company  believes  
stock appreciation rights will be outstanding, are based on historical experience. Estimates of 
expected future stock price volatility are based on the volatility of the Common Stock price for 
the most recent historical period equal to the expected term of the stock appreciation rights, as 
appropriate. The Company calculates the volatility as the annualized standard deviation of the 
differences in the natural logarithms of the weekly closing price of the Common Stock, adjusted for 
stock splits and dividends.

Service-based  restricted  stock  units  are  expensed  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  
award’s  requisite  service  period. Performance-based  restricted  stock  units  subject  to  
graded  vesting  are  expensed  on  an  accelerated  attribution  basis. Performance  share  award  
expense  is  primarily  recognized  in  the  performance  period  of  the  award’s  requisite  
service  period. Market-based  restricted  stock  units  without  graded  vesting  features  are  
expensed  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  award’s requisite  service  period.  Compensation 
 expense  for  stock  appreciation  rights  is  recognized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the 
award’s  requisite  service  period.  The  Company  adjusts  share-based  compensation  expense  on 
 a  quarterly  basis  for  actual forfeitures.

For awards that are expected to result in a tax deduction, a deferred tax asset is recorded in the 
period in which share-based compensation expense is recognized. A current tax deduction arises upon 
the issuance of restricted stock units and performance share awards or the exercise of stock 
options and stock appreciation rights and is principally measured at the award’s intrinsic value. 
If the tax deduction differs from the recorded deferred tax asset, the excess tax benefit or 
deficit associated with the tax deduction is recognized within income tax expense.

Refer to Note 13, “SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION.”

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           55                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.




Net Income (Loss) per Share Attributable to A&F

Net  income  (loss)  per  basic  and  diluted  share  attributable  to  A&F  is  computed  based  
on  the  weighted-average  number  of outstanding  shares  of  Common  Stock.  Additional  
information  pertaining  to  net  income  (loss)  per  share  attributable  to  A&F follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                       Fiscal 2022             Fiscal 2021             Fiscal 2020
Shares of Common Stock issued                                                                       
                              103,300                  103,300                  103,300
Weighted-average treasury shares                                                                    
                               (52,993)                  (43,703)                  (40,749)
Weighted-average — basic shares                                                                     
                               50,307                    59,597                    62,551
Dilutive effect of share-based compensation awards                                                  
                         2,020                      3,039                           — 
Weighted-average — diluted shares                                                                   
                                 52,327                      62,636                    62,551
Anti-dilutive shares ⁽¹⁾                                                                            
                                                 2,233                        1,002                 
     3,270

⁽¹⁾      Reflects the total number of shares related to outstanding share-based compensation awards 
that have been excluded from the computation of net income (loss) per diluted share because the 
impact would have been anti-dilutive. Unvested shares related to restricted stock units with 
performance-based and market-based vesting conditions can achieve up to 200% of their target 
vesting amount and are reflected at the maximum vesting amount less any dilutive portion.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

The  Company  reviews  recent  accounting  pronouncements  on  a  quarterly  basis  and  has  
excluded  discussion  of  those  not applicable  to  the  Company  and  those  not  expected  to  
have  a  material  impact  on  the  Company’s  consolidated  financial statements. The following 
table provides a brief description of certain recent accounting pronouncements that the Company has 
adopted or that could affect the Company’s financial statements.



Accounting Standards Update (ASU)                                               Description

Effect on the financial statements or other significant matters


Standards not yet adopted
ASU 2022-04, Liabilities — Supplier Finance Programs (Subtopic 405-50): Disclosure of Supplier 
Finance Program Obligations

The  update  related  to  disclosure  requirements  for  buyers  in supplier finance programs. The 
amendments in the update require that a buyer disclose qualitative and quantitative information 
about their supplier finance programs. Interim and annual requirements include  disclosure  of  
outstanding  amounts  under  the  obligations as  of  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  and  
annual  requirements include a rollforward of those obligations for the annual reporting period, as 
well as a description of payment and other key terms of the   programs.   This   update   is   
effective   for   annual   periods beginning  after  December  15,  2022,  and  interim  periods  
within those   fiscal   years,   except   for   the   requirement   to   disclose rollforward   
information,   which   is   effective   for   fiscal   years beginning after December 15, 2023.

The     Company     is     currently evaluating  the  impact  that  this guidance    will    have   
 on    its consolidated                  financial statements  and  accompanying notes


3. REVENUE RECOGNITION

Disaggregation of revenue

All revenues are recognized in net sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and 
Comprehensive (Loss) Income. For information regarding the disaggregation of revenue, refer to Note 
17, “SEGMENT REPORTING.”

Contract liabilities

The following table details certain contract liabilities representing unearned revenue as of 
January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                          January 28, 2023     January 29, 2022
Gift card liability                                                                                 
                                                            $               39,235    $             
  36,984
Loyalty programs liability                                                                          
                                                                      25,640                      
22,757



Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           56                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.




The following table details recognized revenue associated with the Company’s gift card program and 
loyalty programs for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                                      Fiscal 2022             
Fiscal 2021
Revenue associated with gift card redemptions and gift card breakage                                
                         $              98,488    $              80,088 Revenue associated with 
reward redemptions and breakage related to the Company’s loyalty programs                     
48,624                     45,417

Refer  to  Note  2,  “SUMMARY  OF  SIGNIFICANT  ACCOUNTING  POLICIES  -  Revenue  recognition,”  
for  discussion  regarding significant accounting policies related to the Company’s revenue 
recognition.


4. FAIR VALUE
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in 
an orderly transaction between market  participants  at  the  measurement  date.  The  inputs  used 
 to  measure  fair  value  are  prioritized  based  on  a  three-level hierarchy. The three levels 
of inputs to measure fair value are as follows:
•      Level 1—inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities that are 
available in active markets that the Company can access at the measurement date.
•      Level 2—inputs are other than quoted market prices included within Level 1 that are 
observable for assets or liabilities, directly or indirectly.
•      Level 3—inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable.

The lowest level of significant input determines the placement of the entire fair value measurement 
in the hierarchy.

The three levels of the hierarchy and the distribution of the Company’s assets and liabilities that 
are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, were as follows:

Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value as of January 28, 2023
(in thousands)                                                                                      
       Level 1                   Level 2                   Level 3                     Total 
Assets:
Cash equivalents ⁽¹⁾                                                                        $       
       50,364    $                     —    $                     —    $              50,364 
Derivative instruments ⁽²⁾                                                                          
             —                           32                           —                             
Rabbi Trust assets ⁽³⁾                                                                              
                1                    51,681                           —                    51,682
Restricted cash equivalents ⁽¹⁾                                                                     
    1,690                      5,174                           —                      6,864 Total 
assets                                                                                         $    
          52,055    $              56,887    $                     —    $            108,942

Liabilities:
Derivative instruments ⁽²⁾                                                                $         
            —    $                4,986    $                     —    $                4,986 Total 
liabilities                                                                                      $  
                   —    $                4,986    $                     —    $                4,986
Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value as of January 29, 2022
(in thousands)                                                                                      
       Level 1                   Level 2                   Level 3                     Total 
Assets:
Cash equivalents ⁽¹⁾                                                                        $       
       49,309    $              11,643    $                     —    $              60,952
Derivative instruments ⁽²⁾                                                                          
             —                      4,973                           —                      4,973
Rabbi Trust assets ⁽³⁾                                                                              
                1                    62,272                           —                    62,273
Restricted cash equivalents ⁽¹⁾                                                                     
    5,391                      2,326                           —                      7,717 Total 
assets                                                                                         $    
          54,701    $              81,214    $                     —    $            135,915

⁽¹⁾      Level 1 assets consisted of investments in money market funds and U.S. treasury bills. 
Level 2 assets consisted of time deposits.
⁽²⁾      Level 2 assets and liabilities consisted primarily of foreign currency exchange forward 
contracts.
⁽³⁾      Level 1 assets consisted of investments in money market funds. Level 2 assets consisted of 
trust-owned life insurance policies.

The Company’s Level 2 assets and liabilities consisted of:
•      Trust-owned life insurance policies, which were valued using the cash surrender value of the 
life insurance policies;
•      Time deposits, which were valued at cost, approximating fair value, due to the short-term 
nature of these investments; and



Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           57                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



•      Derivative instruments, primarily foreign currency exchange forward contracts, which were 
valued using quoted market prices of the same or similar instruments, adjusted for counterparty 
risk.
Fair Value of Long-term Borrowings

The Company’s borrowings under the Senior Secured Notes are carried at historical cost in the 
Consolidated Balance Sheets. The carrying amount and fair value of the Company’s long-term gross 
borrowings were as follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                          January 28, 2023      January 29, 2022
Gross borrowings outstanding, carrying amount                                                       
                                  $              299,730    $              307,730 Gross borrowings 
outstanding, fair value                                                                             
                                        304,975                     327,732
5. INVENTORIES

Inventories consisted of:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                          January 28, 2023      January 29, 2022
Inventories at original cost                                                                        
                                                   $               541,299    $               
543,060
Less: Lower of cost and net realizable value adjustment                                             
                                                (35,678)                     (17,196) Inventories 
⁽¹⁾                                                                                                 
                                              $               505,621    $               525,864

⁽¹⁾    Included $93.7 million and $142.7 million of inventory in transit, merchandise owned by the 
Company that has not yet been received at a Company DC, as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 
2022, respectively.

A summary of the Company’s vendors based on location and the percentage of dollar cost of 
merchandise receipts during Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021 follows:
% of Total Company Merchandise Receipts ⁽¹⁾
Location                                                                                            
                                                                 Fiscal 2022                Fiscal 
2021
Vietnam                                                                                             
                                                                                 33 %               
           36 %
Cambodia                                                                                            
             16
China ⁽²⁾                                                                                           
                  14
Other  ⁽³⁾                                                                                          
                  34
Total                                                                                               
                                                                                  100 %             
           100 %

⁽¹⁾    Calculated as the cost of merchandise receipts from all vendors within a country during the 
respective fiscal year divided by cost of total merchandise receipts during the respective fiscal 
year.
⁽²⁾    Only a portion of the Company’s total merchandise sourced from China is subject to the 
additional U.S. tariffs on imported consumer goods that were effective beginning in Fiscal 2019. 
The Company estimates approximately 9%, 9% and 7% of total merchandise receipts were directly 
imported to the United States from China in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively.
⁽³⁾    No country included within this category sourced more than 10% of total merchandise receipts 
during any fiscal year presented above.

Refer  to  Note  2,  “SUMMARY  OF  SIGNIFICANT  ACCOUNTING  POLICIES  -  Inventories,”  for  
discussion  regarding  significant accounting policies related to the Company’s inventories.


















Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           58                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



6. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET

Property and equipment, net consisted of:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                          January 28, 2023      January 29, 2022
Land                                                                                                
                                                            $                 28,599    $           
      28,599
Buildings                                                                                           
                                                                           232,996                  
   233,523
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                   
                                                             611,277                     622,912
Information technology                                                                              
                                                                   685,539                     
643,244
Leasehold improvements                                                                              
                                                               888,464                     913,729
Construction in progress                                                                            
                                                                    68,984                         
9,483
Other                                                                                               
                                                                                 2,003              
           2,003
Total                                                                                               
                                                                        2,517,862                  
2,453,493
Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                      
                                                        (1,966,277)                (1,945,157)
Property and equipment, net                                                                         
                                              $               551,585    $               508,336

Depreciation  expense  for  Fiscal  2022,  Fiscal  2021  and  Fiscal  2020  was  $129.7  million,  
$141.4  million  and  $167.2  million, respectively.

Refer to Note 8, “ASSET IMPAIRMENT,” for details related to property and equipment impairment 
charges incurred during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020.

Refer  to  Note  2,  “SUMMARY  OF  SIGNIFICANT  ACCOUNTING  POLICIES  -  Property  and  equipment,  
net,”  for  discussion regarding significant accounting policies related to the Company’s property 
and equipment, net.


7. LEASES

The Company is a party to leases related to its Company-operated retail stores as well as for 
certain of its DCs, office space, information technology and equipment.

The following table provides a summary of the Company’s operating lease costs for Fiscal 2022, 
Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                   Fiscal 2022               Fiscal 2021               Fiscal 2020
Single lease cost ⁽¹⁾                                                                               
                     $               246,824    $               272,246    $               346,178
Variable lease cost ⁽²⁾                                                                             
                                     150,909                     110,889                       
65,310
Operating lease right-of-use asset impairment ⁽³⁾                                                   
                        6,248                         9,509                       57,026
Sublease income                                                                                     
                                      (3,826)                      (4,292)                          
   —
Total operating lease cost                                                                          
                $               400,155    $               388,352    $               468,514
⁽¹⁾    Includes amortization and interest expense associated with operating lease right-of-use 
assets and the impact from remeasurement of operating lease liabilities.
⁽²⁾    Includes  variable  payments  related  to  both  lease  and  nonlease  components,  such  as 
 contingent  rent  payments  made  by  the  Company  based  on performance,  and  payments  related 
 to  taxes,  insurance,  and  maintenance  costs,  as  well  as  $3.9  million,  $14.1  million  
and  $30.1  million  of  rent abatements  in  Fiscal  2022,  Fiscal  2021  and  Fiscal  2020,  
respectively,  related  to  the  effects  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  that  resulted  in  lease 
concessions with total payments required by the modified contract being substantially the same as 
or less than total payments required by the original contract. The total benefit related to rent 
abatements recognized during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 was $3.9 million, $17.9 
million and
$30.7 million, respectively.
⁽³⁾    Refer to Note 8, “ASSET IMPAIRMENT,” for details related to operating lease right-of-use 
asset impairment charges.


The following table provides the weighted-average remaining lease term of the Company’s operating 
leases and the weighted-average discount rate used to calculate the Company’s operating lease 
liabilities as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022:

January 28, 2023      January 29, 2022
Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)                                                       
                                                           5.3                                5.3
Weighted-average discount rate                                                                      
                                                                 6.3 %                        5.6 %





Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           59                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



The following table provides a maturity analysis of the Company’s operating lease liabilities, 
based on undiscounted cash flows, as of January 28, 2023:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                                                            January 
28, 2023
Fiscal 2023                                                                                         
                                                                                           $        
       263,666
Fiscal 2024                                                                                         
                                                                                                    
       200,487
Fiscal 2025                                                                                         
                                                                                                    
       179,138
Fiscal 2026                                                                                         
                                                                                                    
       149,074
Fiscal 2027                                                                                         
                                                                                                    
       121,177
Fiscal 2028 and thereafter                                                                          
                                                                                                   
171,132
Total undiscounted operating lease payments                                                         
                                                                                   1,084,674
Less: Imputed interest                                                                              
                                                                                                    
(157,334)
Present value of operating lease liabilities                                                        
                                                                            $               927,340

The Company had temporarily suspended rent payments for a number of stores that were closed as a 
result of COVID-19, and has had success in obtaining certain rent abatements and landlord 
concessions of rent payable.

During Fiscal 2020, the Company entered into a sublease agreement with a third party for the 
remaining lease term of one of its European Abercrombie  &  Fitch  flagship  store  locations  upon 
 its  closure. As  of  January  28,  2023,  the  Company's  subleased property had a remaining 
lease term of 4.8 years with the sublease term from February 1, 2021 through November 30, 2027. 
Future minimum tenant operating lease payments remaining under this sublease as of January 28, 2023 
were $19.5 million.

The Company had minimum commitments related to operating lease contracts that have not yet 
commenced, primarily for its Company-operated retail stores, of approximately $28.3 million as of 
January 28, 2023.


8. ASSET IMPAIRMENT

The following table provides additional details related to long-lived asset impairment charges:
(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                   Fiscal 2022               Fiscal 2021               Fiscal 2020
Operating lease right-of-use asset impairment                                                       
    $                  6,248    $                  9,509    $                57,026
Property and equipment asset impairment ⁽¹⁾                                                         
                        7,783                        2,591                      15,911 Total asset 
impairment                                                                                          
      $                14,031    $                12,100    $                72,937
⁽¹⁾    Amounts for Fiscal 2022 include store asset impairment of $4.8 million and other asset 
impairment of $3.0 million.  Amounts for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 only include store asset 
impairment.

Asset  impairment  charges  for  Fiscal  2022  were  related  to  certain  of  the  Company’s  
assets  including  stores  across  brands, geographies and store formats and other assets. The 
impairment charges for Fiscal 2022 reduced the then carrying amount of the impaired stores’ assets 
to their fair value of approximately $39.7 million, including $37.0 million related to operating 
lease right-of-use assets.

Asset impairment charges for Fiscal 2021 were related to certain of the Company’s stores across 
brands, geographies and store formats. The impairment charges for Fiscal 2021 reduced the then 
carrying amount of the impaired stores’ assets to their fair value of approximately $18.1 million, 
including $15.6 million related to operating lease right-of-use assets.

Asset impairment charges for Fiscal 2020 were principally the result of the impact of COVID-19 and 
were related to certain of the Company’s  stores  across  brands,  geographies  and  store  
formats. The  impairment  charges  for Fiscal  2020  reduced  the  then carrying amount of the 
impaired stores’ assets to their fair value of approximately $95.0 million, including $87.2 million 
related to operating lease right-of-use assets.

Refer  to  Note  2,  “SUMMARY  OF  SIGNIFICANT  ACCOUNTING  POLICIES  -  Long-lived  Asset  
Impairment,”  for  discussion regarding significant accounting policies related to impairment of 
the Company’s long-lived assets.








Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           60                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



9. RABBI TRUST ASSETS

Investments of Rabbi Trust assets consisted of the following as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 
2022:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                          January 28, 2023      January 29, 2022
Trust-owned life insurance policies (at cash surrender value)                                       
                             $                 51,681    $                 62,272 Money market 
funds                                                                                               
 1
Rabbi Trust assets                                                                                  
                                                     $                 51,682    $                 
62,273
Realized gains resulting from the change in cash surrender value of the Rabbi Trust assets for 
Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 were as follows:
(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                  Fiscal 2022                Fiscal 2021                Fiscal 2020
Realized gains related to Rabbi Trust assets                                                        
    $                   1,409    $                   1,483    $                   1,740

Refer to Note 2, “SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Rabbi Trust Assets,” for further 
discussion related to the Company’s Rabbi Trust assets.


10. ACCRUED EXPENSES
Accrued expenses consisted of:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                          January 28, 2023      January 29, 2022
Accrued payroll and related costs ⁽¹⁾                                                               
                                            $                 70,815    $                 90,906 
Accrued costs related to the Company’s DCs and digital operations                                   
                                         38,729                       48,395
Other (2)                                                                                           
                                                                                                    
                                                                               303,759              
       256,514
Accrued expenses                                                                                    
                                                   $               413,303    $               
395,815

⁽¹⁾      Accrued payroll and related costs include salaries, incentive compensation, benefits, 
withholdings and other payroll-related costs.
⁽²⁾      Other primarily includes the Company’s gift card and loyalty programs liabilities, accrued 
taxes, accrued rent and expenses incurred but not yet paid primarily related to outside services 
associated with store and home office operations and construction in progress. Refer to Note 3, 
“REVENUE RECOGNITION.”


11. INCOME TAXES

Impact of valuation allowances and other tax benefits during Fiscal 2022

During  Fiscal  2022,  the  Company  did  not  recognize  income  tax  benefits  on  $136.5  
million  of  pre-tax  losses,  primarily  in Switzerland, resulting in adverse tax impacts of $20.0 
million.

As of January 28, 2023, the Company had net deferred tax assets of approximately $8.0 million, $9.1 
million, and $15.6 million in China, Japan, and the United Kingdom, respectively. In China, while 
the Company believes   these net deferred tax assets are more-likely-than-not  to  be  realized,  
it  is  not  a  certainty,  as  the  Company  continues  to  evaluate  and  respond  to  emerging 
situations, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. The company is closely monitoring its operations on 
China. Should circumstances change, the net deferred tax assets may become subject to valuation 
allowances in the future, which would result in additional tax expense.

Impact of valuation allowances and other tax benefits during Fiscal 2021

During Fiscal 2021, as a result of the improvement seen in business conditions, the Company 
recognized $42.5 million of tax benefits due to the release of valuation allowances, primarily in 
the U.S. and Germany, and a discrete tax benefit of $3.9 million due to a rate change in the United 
Kingdom. The Company did not recognize income tax benefits on $25.3 million of pre-tax losses 
generated in Fiscal 2021, primarily in Switzerland, resulting in adverse tax impacts of $4.6 
million.

As of January 29, 2022, the Company had net deferred tax assets of approximately $9.7 million, 
$12.2 million, and $20.1 million in China, Japan, and the United Kingdom, respectively.



Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           61                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



Impact of valuation allowances and other tax charges during Fiscal 2020

The Company’s effective tax rate for Fiscal 2020 was impacted by $101.4 million of adverse tax 
impacts, ultimately giving rise to income tax expense on a consolidated pre-tax loss. During Fiscal 
2020, due to the significant adverse impacts of COVID-19, the Company did not recognize income tax 
benefits on $203.4 million of pre-tax losses, resulting in an adverse tax impact of $39.5 million. 
The Company recognized charges of $61.9 million related to the establishment of valuation 
allowances and other tax charges  in  certain  jurisdictions  during  Fiscal  2020,  including,  
but  not  limited  to,  the  U.S.,  Switzerland,  Germany  and  Japan, principally as a result of 
the significant adverse impacts of COVID-19.

Components of Income Taxes

Income (loss) before income taxes consisted of:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                       Fiscal 2022             Fiscal 2021             Fiscal 2020
Domestic (1)                                                                                        
                                                                                                    
    $            152,608    $            283,793    $            (33,417)
Foreign                                                                                             
                                                (85,592)                   25,181                   
(15,326)
Income (loss) before income taxes                                                                   
                 $              67,016    $            308,974    $            (48,743)
⁽¹⁾      Includes intercompany charges to foreign affiliates for management fees, cost-sharing, 
royalties and interest and excludes a portion of foreign income that is currently includable on the 
U.S. federal income tax return.

Income tax expense (benefit) consisted of:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                       Fiscal 2022             Fiscal 2021             Fiscal 2020
Current:
Federal                                                                                             
                               $              25,577    $              51,321    $                
9,434
State                                                                                               
                                                 10,371                    14,061                   
   3,750
Foreign                                                                                             
                                                 9,183                      5,448                   
 23,041
Total current                                                                                       
                                 $              45,131    $              70,830    $              
36,225

Deferred:
Federal (1)                                                                                         
                                                                                                    
   $                4,586    $            (15,401)   $            (73,104)
State                                                                                               
                                                      122                     (8,995)               
      8,829
Foreign (1)                                                                                         
                                                                                                    
                                6,792                     (7,526)                   88,261
Total deferred                                                                                      
                                               11,500                   (31,922)                   
23,986
Income tax expense                                                                                  
                         $              56,631    $              38,908    $              60,211
⁽¹⁾      Fiscal 2020 includes federal deferred tax benefit of $79.0 million and foreign deferred 
tax expense of $88.6 million due to the establishment of an additional valuation allowance in 
Switzerland.

The Company’s earnings and profits from its foreign subsidiaries could be repatriated to the U.S., 
without incurring additional
U.S. federal income tax. The Company determined that the balance of the Company’s undistributed 
earnings and profits from its foreign subsidiaries as of February 2, 2019 are considered 
indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S., and if these funds were to be  repatriated  to  the  
U.S.,  the  Company  would  expect  to  incur  an  insignificant  amount  of  state  income  taxes  
and  foreign withholding taxes. The Company accrues for both state income taxes and foreign 
withholding taxes with respect to earnings and profits  earned  after  February  2,  2019,  in  
such  a  manner  that  these  funds  may  be  repatriated  without  incurring  additional  tax 
expense.
















Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           62                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



Reconciliation between the statutory federal income tax rate and the effective tax rate is as 
follows:
Fiscal 2022             Fiscal 2021             Fiscal 2020
U.S. Federal income tax rate                                                                        
                                      21.0 %                    21.0 %                    21.0 %
Net change in valuation allowances                                                                  
                                 30.7                       (19.7)                    (177.2)
Foreign taxation of non-U.S. operations  ⁽¹⁾                                                        
                                16.2                          3.5                           32.7
State income tax, net of U.S. federal income tax effect                                             
                         12.4                          4.4                             2.6
Audit and other adjustments to prior years' accruals, net                                           
                          5.9                          4.7                             2.6
Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m)                                                                
                               4.6                          1.6                         (5.5)
Additional U.S. taxation of non-U.S.operations                                                      
                              1.3                          0.6                         (0.2)
Tax expense (benefit) recognized on share-based compensation expense ⁽²⁾                            
        (2.6)                        (1.3)                        (7.5)
Credit for increasing research activities                                                           
                                   (2.5)                        (0.6)                            
2.6
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                 
                            (2.4)                        (0.5)                            2.2
Other items, net                                                                                    
                                               (0.1)                         0.1                    
         0.9
Other statutory tax rate and law changes                                                            
                                  —                         (1.2)                            2.3
Total                                                                                               
                                                       84.5 %                      12.6 %           
     (123.5)%
⁽¹⁾      U.S.  branch  operations  in  Puerto  Rico  were  subject  to  tax  at  the  full  U.S.  
tax  rates.  As  a  result,  income  from  these  operations  do  not  create reconciling items..
⁽²⁾      Refer to Note 13, “SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION,” for details on discrete income tax benefits 
and charges related to share-based compensation awards during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 
2020.

The impact of various tax items on the Company's effective tax rate were amplified on a percentage 
basis at lower levels of consolidated  pre-tax  income  (loss)  in  absolute  dollars.   The  
effective  tax  rate  remains  dependent  on  jurisdictional  mix.   The taxation  of  non-U.S.  
operations  line  items  in  the  table  above  excludes  items  related  to  the  Company's  
non-U.S.  operations reported separately in the appropriate corresponding line items.

For Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, the impact of taxation of non-U.S. operations on the 
Company's effective income tax rate was related to the Company's jurisdictional mix driven 
primarily by the Company’s operations within Switzerland.
































Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           63                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



Components of Deferred Income Tax Assets and Deferred Income Tax Liabilities

The effect of temporary differences which gives rise to deferred income tax assets (liabilities) 
were as follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                          January 28, 2023      January 29, 2022
Deferred income tax assets:
Operating lease liabilities                                                                         
                                                $               237,699    $               242,290
Intangibles, foreign step-up in basis ⁽¹⁾                                                           
                                                             61,030                       64,281
Net operating losses (NOL), tax credit and other carryforwards                                      
                                           68,874                       52,970
Accrued expenses and reserves                                                                       
                                                          27,435                       30,026
Deferred compensation                                                                               
                                                                16,023                       16,050
Inventory                                                                                           
                                                                            5,475                   
      3,578
Rent                                                                                                
                                                                              1,502                 
             —
Other                                                                                               
                 45
Valuation allowances                                                                                
                                                               (130,622)                   
(110,057)
Total deferred income tax assets                                                                    
                                    $               288,362    $               299,183

Deferred income tax liabilities:
Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                                 
                                        $             (205,827)   $             (202,916) Property 
and equipment and intangibles                                                                       
                                            (14,273)                     (10,150)
Prepaid expenses                                                                                    
                                                                    (1,634)                       
(2,451)
Store supplies                                                                                      
                                                                        (1,933)                     
  (1,811)
Undistributed profits of non-U.S. subsidiaries                                                      
                                                        (1,111)                       (1,082) Rent  
                                                                                                    
                                                                              —                     
      (360)
U.S. offset to foreign deferred tax assets, excluding intangibles, foreign step-up in basis ⁽²⁾     
                                    (175)                             — Other                       
                                                                                                    
                                                    (428)                            (30)
Total deferred income tax liabilities                                                               
                                      $             (225,381)   $             (218,800)
Net deferred income tax assets ⁽²⁾                                                                  
                                          $                 62,981    $                 80,383
⁽¹⁾      During Fiscal 2021 an agreement was reached with the Swiss taxing authorities to decrease 
the basis step up to be amortized in the future thus decreasing  the  deferred  asset  by  $14.8  
million.  Because  of  the  valuation  allowance,  there  is  no  impact  on  consolidated  tax  
expense  from  this agreement.
⁽²⁾      This table does not reflect deferred taxes classified within AOCL. As of January 28, 2023 
and January 29, 2022, AOCL included deferred tax assets of $0.9 million and deferred tax 
liabilities of $1.1 million, respectively.

As of January 28, 2023, the Company had deferred tax assets related to foreign and state NOL and 
credit carryforwards of $68.6 million and $0.3 million, respectively, that could be utilized to 
reduce future years’ tax liabilities. If not utilized, a portion of the foreign NOL carryforwards 
will begin to expire in 2025 and a portion of state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2025. 
Some foreign NOLs have an indefinite carryforward period. As of January 28, 2023, the Company did 
not have any deferred tax assets related to federal NOL and credit carryforwards that could be 
utilized to reduce future years’ tax liabilities.

The  valuation  allowances  for  Fiscal  2022,  2021,  2020  and  2019  was  $130.6  million,  
$110.1  million,  $174.3  million  and
$8.9  million,  respectively.  The  valuation  allowances  as  of  Fiscal  2022   have  been  
established  against  deferred  tax  assets, primarily  in  Japan  and  Switzerland.  All  
valuation  allowances  have  been  reflected  through  the  Consolidated  Statements  of Operations 
and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The valuation allowances will remain until there is sufficient 
positive evidence to release them, such positive evidence would include having positive income 
within the jurisdiction. In such case, the Company will record an adjustment in the period in which 
a determination is made. The Company continues to review the need for valuation allowances on a 
quarterly basis.













Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           64                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



Share-based Compensation

Refer to Note 13, “SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION,” for details on income tax benefits and charges 
related to share-based compensation awards during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020.

Other

The amount of uncertain tax positions as of January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 
2021, which would impact the Company’s effective tax rate if recognized and a reconciliation of the 
beginning and ending amounts of uncertain tax positions, excluding accrued interest and penalties, 
are as follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                     Fiscal 2022             Fiscal 2021             Fiscal 2020
Uncertain tax positions, beginning of the year                                                      
           $                1,114    $                   995    $                1,794 Gross 
addition for tax positions of the current year                                                      
                        339                         490                            235
Gross addition (reduction) for tax positions of prior years                                         
                           907                        (136)                           395
Reductions of tax positions of prior years for:
Lapses of applicable statutes of limitations                                                        
                                (66)                         (81)                         (48)
Settlements during the period                                                                       
                                        (1)                       (154)                    (1,381) 
Uncertain tax positions, end of year                                                                
                 $                2,293    $                1,114    $                     995

The IRS is currently conducting an examination of the Company’s U.S. federal income tax returns for 
Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 as part of the IRS’ Compliance Assurance Process program. The IRS 
examinations for Fiscal 2020 and prior years have been completed. State and foreign returns are 
generally subject to examination for a period of three to five years after the filing of the 
respective return. The Company typically has various state and foreign income tax returns in the 
process of examination, administrative  appeals  or  litigation.  The  outcome  of  the  
examinations  is  not  expected  to  have  a  material  impact  on  the Company’s financial 
statements. The Company believes that some of these audits and negotiations will conclude within 
the next 12 months and that it is reasonably possible the amount of uncertain income tax positions, 
including interest, may change by an immaterial amount due to settlement of audits and expiration 
of statues of limitations.

The Company does not expect material adjustments to the total amount of uncertain tax positions 
within the next 12 months, but the outcome of tax matters is uncertain and unforeseen results can 
occur.

Refer to Note 2, “SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Income Taxes,” for discussion 
regarding significant accounting policies related to the Company’s income taxes.


12. BORROWINGS

Details on the Company’s long-term borrowings, net, as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 are 
as follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                          January 28, 2023      January 29, 2022
Long-term portion of borrowings, gross at carrying amount                                           
                             $               299,730    $               307,730 Unamortized fees    
                                                                                                    
                                                    (2,878)                       (4,156)
Long-term portion of borrowings, net                                                                
                                          $               296,852    $               303,574

Senior Secured Notes

On  July  2,  2020,  Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Management  Co.  (“A&F  Management”),  a  wholly-owned  
indirect  subsidiary  of  A&F, completed the private offering of $350 million aggregate principal 
amount of senior secured notes (the “Senior Secured Notes”), at an offering price of 100% of the 
principal amount thereof. The Senior Secured Notes will mature on July 15, 2025 and bear interest 
at a rate of 8.75% per annum, with semi-annual interest payments, which began in January 2021. The 
Senior Secured Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of July 2, 2020, by and among 
A&F Management, A&F and certain of A&F’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank 
National Association (now known as U.S. Bank Trust National Association), as trustee, and as 
collateral agent. During Fiscal 2022 and 2021, A&F Management purchased $8.0 million and
$42.3  million,  respectively,  of  outstanding  Senior  Secured  Notes  and  incurred  $0.1  
million  of  gain  and  $5.3  million  of  loss, respectively, on extinguishment of debt, 
recognized in interest expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive 
(Loss) Income.

The  Company  used  the  net  proceeds  from  the  offering  of  the  Senior  Secured  Notes  to  
repay  outstanding  borrowings  and


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           65                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



accrued  interest  of  $223.6  million  and  $110.8  million  under  its  prior  term  loan  
facility  and  the  ABL  Facility  (defined  below), respectively,  with  the  remaining  net  
proceeds  used  towards  fees  and  expenses  in  connection  with  such  repayments  and  the 
offering of the Senior Secured Notes.

The  Company  recorded  deferred  financing  fees  associated  with  the  issuance  of  the  Senior 
 Secured  Notes,  which  are  being amortized to interest expense over the contractual term of the 
Senior Secured Notes.

ABL Facility

On  April  29,  2021,  A&F  Management,  in  A&F  Management’s  capacity  as  the  lead  borrower,  
and  the  other  borrowers  and guarantors party thereto, amended and restated in its entirety the 
Credit Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2014, as amended on September 10, 2015, and on October 19, 
2017 (as amended and restated, the “Amended and Restated Credit Agreement”), among  A&F  
Management,  the  other  borrowers  and  guarantors  party  thereto,  the  lenders  party  thereto, 
 Wells  Fargo  Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders, and the other 
parties thereto.

The  Amended  and  Restated  Credit  Agreement  continues  to  provide  for  a  senior  secured  
revolving  credit  facility  of  up  to
$400.0 million (the “ABL Facility”), and (i) extended the maturity date of the ABL Facility to 
April 29, 2026; and (ii) modified the required fee on undrawn commitments under the ABL Facility 
from 0.25% per annum to either 0.25% or 0.375% per annum (with the ultimate amount dependent on the 
conditions detailed in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement).

On  March  15,  2023,  the  Company  entered  into  the  First  Amendment  to  the  Amended  and  
Restated  Credit  Agreement  to eliminate LIBO rate based loans and to use the current market 
definitions with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), as well as to reflect 
other conforming changes.

The Company did not have any borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility as of January 28, 2023 
or as of January 29, 2022.

The ABL Facility is subject to a borrowing base, consisting primarily of U.S. inventory, with a 
letter of credit sub-limit of $50 million and  an  accordion  feature  allowing  A&F  to  increase  
the  revolving  commitment  by  up  to  $100  million  subject  to  specified conditions. The ABL 
Facility is available for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate 
purposes.

As of January 28, 2023, the Company had availability under the ABL Facility of $386.8 million, net 
of $0.6 million in outstanding stand-by letters of credit. As the Company must maintain excess 
availability equal to the greater of 10% of the loan cap or $30 million  under  the ABL Facility,  
borrowing  capacity  available  to  the  Company  under  the ABL Facility  was $348.1  million  as  
of January 28, 2023.

Obligations under the ABL Facility are unconditionally guaranteed by A&F and certain of A&F’s 
subsidiaries. The ABL Facility is secured  by  a  first-priority  security  interest  in  certain  
working  capital  of  the  borrowers  and  guarantors  consisting  of  inventory, accounts 
receivable and certain other assets. The ABL Facility is also secured by a second-priority security 
interest in certain property and assets of the borrowers and guarantors, including certain fixed 
assets, intellectual property, stock of subsidiaries and certain after-acquired material real 
property.

At the Company’s option, borrowings under the ABL Facility will bear interest at either (a) an 
adjusted LIBO rate plus a margin of 1.25% to 1.50% per annum, or (b) an alternate base rate plus a 
margin of 0.25% to 0.50% per annum. As of January 28, 2023, the applicable margins with respect to 
LIBO rate loans and base rate loans, including swing line loans, under the ABL Facility were 1.25% 
and 0.25% per annum, respectively, and are subject to adjustment each fiscal quarter based on 
average historical availability during the preceding quarter. Following the March 15, 2023 
amendment, borrowings under the ABL will bear interest using the current market SOFR rate. 
Customary agency fees and letter of credit fees are also payable in respect of the ABL Facility.

Representations, Warranties and Covenants

The  agreements  related  to  the  Senior  Secured  Notes  and  the  ABL  Facility  contain  
various  representations,  warranties  and restrictive covenants that, among other things and 
subject to specified exceptions, restrict the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to: grant 
or incur liens; incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness; sell or otherwise dispose of 
assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries; make investments in certain subsidiaries; pay 
dividends, make distributions or redeem or repurchase capital stock; change the nature of their 
business; and consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of the assets of the 
Company or A&F Management to, another entity.

The Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by A&F 
and each of the existing and future wholly-owned domestic restricted subsidiaries of A&F that 
guarantee or will guarantee A&F Management’s ABL Facility or certain future capital markets 
indebtedness.


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           66                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants under the agreements related to the Senior 
Secured Notes and the ABL Facility as of January 28, 2023.

13. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

Plans

As  of  January  28,  2023,  the  Company  had  two  primary  share-based  compensation  plans:  
(i)  the  2016  Directors  LTIP,  with 900,000 shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance, 
under which the Company is authorized to grant restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock 
appreciation rights, stock options and deferred stock awards to non-associate members of the Board 
of Directors; and (ii) the 2016 Associates LTIP, with 10,665,000 shares of Common Stock authorized 
for issuance, under which the Company is authorized to grant restricted stock, restricted stock 
units, performance share awards, stock appreciation rights and  stock  options  to  associates  of  
the  Company.  The  Company  also  has  outstanding  shares  from  two  other  share-based 
compensation  plans  under  which  the  Company  granted  restricted  stock  units,  performance  
share  awards,  stock  appreciation rights and stock options to associates of the Company and 
restricted stock units, stock options and deferred stock awards to non-associate  members  of  the  
Board  of  Directors  in  prior  years.  No  new  shares  may  be  granted  under  these  
previously-authorized plans and any outstanding awards continue in effect in accordance with their 
respective terms.

The  2016  Directors  LTIP,  a  stockholder-approved  plan,  permits  the  Company  to  annually  
grant  awards  to  non-associate directors, subject to the following limits:

•      For  non-associate  directors:  awards  with  an  aggregate  fair  market  value  on  the  
date  of  the  grant  of  no  more  than
$300,000;
•      For the non-associate director occupying the role of Non-Executive Chairperson of the Board 
(if any): additional awards with an aggregate fair market value on the date of grant of no more 
than $500,000; and
•      For the non-associate director occupying the role of Executive Chairperson of the Board (if 
any): additional awards with an aggregate fair market value on the date of grant of no more than 
$2,500,000.

Under the 2016 Directors LTIP, restricted stock units are subject to a minimum vesting period 
ending no sooner than the earlier of
(i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the date of the next regularly scheduled annual 
meeting of stockholders held after the grant date. Any stock appreciation rights or stock options 
granted under this plan have the same minimum vesting period requirements as restricted stock units 
and, in addition, must have a term that does not exceed a period of ten years from the grant date, 
subject to forfeiture under the terms of the 2016 Directors LTIP.

The 2016 Associates LTIP, a stockholder-approved plan, permits the Company to annually grant one or 
more types of awards covering  up  to  an  aggregate  for  all  awards  of  1.0  million  
underlying  shares  of  the  Common  Stock  to  any  associate  of  the Company. Under the 2016 
Associates LTIP, for restricted stock units that have performance-based vesting, performance must 
be measured over a period of at least one year and for restricted stock units that do not have 
performance-based vesting, vesting in full may not occur more quickly than in pro-rata installments 
over a period of three years from the date of the grant, with the first installment  vesting  no  
sooner  than  the  first  anniversary  of  the  date  of  the  grant.  In  addition,  any  stock  
options  or  stock appreciation rights granted under this plan must have a minimum vesting period 
of one year and a term that does not exceed a period of ten years from the grant date, subject to 
forfeiture under the terms of the 2016 Associates LTIP.

Each of the 2016 Directors LTIP and the 2016 Associates LTIP provides for accelerated vesting of 
awards if there is a change of control and certain other conditions specified in each plan are met.

Financial Statement Impact

The following table details share-based compensation expense and the related income tax benefit for 
Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020:
(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                              Fiscal 2022         Fiscal 2021         Fiscal 2020
Share-based compensation expense                                                                    
                      $          28,995    $          29,304    $          18,682 Income tax 
benefit associated with share-based compensation expense recognized during
the period ⁽¹⁾                                                                                      
                                                     3,515                   3,338                  
      —
⁽¹⁾      No income tax benefit was recognized during Fiscal 2020 due to the establishment of a 
valuation allowance.

The following table details discrete income tax benefits and charges related to share-based 
compensation awards during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020:




Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           67                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                              Fiscal 2022         Fiscal 2021         Fiscal 2020
Income tax discrete benefits (charges) realized for tax deductions related to the issuance of
shares during the period                                                                            
                              $            1,956    $            4,198    $           (1,719)
Income tax discrete charges realized upon cancellation of stock appreciation rights during
the period                                                                                          
                                                       (226)                   (204)                
(1,943)
Total income tax discrete benefits (charges) related to share-based compensation awards       $     
       1,730    $            3,994    $           (3,662)

The following table details the amount of employee tax withheld by the Company upon the issuance of 
shares associated with restricted stock units vesting and the exercise of stock appreciation rights 
for the Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                              Fiscal 2022         Fiscal 2021         Fiscal 2020
Employee tax withheld upon issuance of shares ⁽¹⁾                                                   
                  $          14,464    $           13,163   $             5,694
⁽¹⁾      Classified within other financing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

Restricted Stock Units

The following table summarizes activity for restricted stock units for Fiscal 2022:


Service-based Restricted Stock Units
Weighted-

Performance-based Restricted Stock Units
Weighted-

Market-based Restricted Stock Units
Weighted-

Number of Underlying Shares
Average Grant Date Fair Value
Number of Underlying Shares ⁽¹⁾
Average Grant Date Fair Value
Number of Underlying Shares ⁽¹⁾
Average Grant Date Fair Value
Unvested at January 29, 2022                    2,532,240    $             17.16                
340,149    $             27.08                680,184    $               22.81
Granted                                                  1,012,916                    28.51         
       185,197                    30.24                  92,603                      41.60
Change due to performance
criteria achievement                                           —                         —          
          5,668                    23.05                  18,881                      36.24
Vested                                                      (930,944)                  18.04        
      (194,465)                  23.05              (113,284)                     36.24
Forfeited                                                   (152,817)                  20.42        
                 —                         —                (16,247)                     16.24
Unvested at January 28, 2023 ⁽¹⁾
           2,461,395    $             21.30                 336,549    $             31.08          
       662,137    $             23.68
⁽¹⁾      Unvested shares related to restricted stock units with performance-based and market-based 
vesting conditions are reflected at 100% of their target vesting amount in the table above. 
Unvested shares related to restricted stock units with performance-based and market-based vesting 
conditions can be achieved at up to 200% of their target vesting amount.
The following table details unrecognized compensation cost and the remaining weighted-average 
period over which these costs are expected to be recognized for restricted stock units as of 
January 28, 2023:

(in thousands)
Service-based Restricted Stock Units
Performance-based Restricted Stock Units
Market-based Restricted Stock Units
Unrecognized compensation cost                   $                                  34,026    $     
                                  3,267    $                                       4,907 Remaining 
weighted-average period cost
is expected to be recognized (years)                                                     1.2        
                                         1.2                                                       
0.9




















Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           68                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



Additional information pertaining to restricted stock units for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 
2020 follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                            Fiscal 2022          Fiscal 2021          Fiscal 2020
Service-based restricted stock units:
Total grant date fair value of awards granted                                                       
                  $           28,878    $           23,959    $           19,843
Total grant date fair value of awards vested                                                        
                                16,794                  13,360                  14,083
Total intrinsic value of awards vested                                                              
                                    28,037                  36,507                    8,147

Performance-based restricted stock units:
Total grant date fair value of awards granted                                                       
                                 5,600                    5,059                         —
Total grant date fair value of awards vested                                                        
                                  4,482                         —                    4,635

Market-based restricted stock units:
Total grant date fair value of awards granted                                                       
                                 3,852                    3,966                    8,443
Total grant date fair value of awards vested                                                        
                                  4,105                    3,390                    4,132
Total intrinsic value of awards vested                                                              
                                      3,768                    3,335                    3,263

The  weighted-average  assumptions  used  for  market-based  restricted  stock  units  in  the  
Monte  Carlo  simulation  during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 were as follows:

Fiscal 2022          Fiscal 2021          Fiscal 2020
Grant date market price                                                                             
                               $          30.24        $          31.78        $           12.31
Fair value                                                                                          
                                                      41.6                    49.81                 
     16.24
Assumptions:
Price volatility                                                                                    
                                                    66 %                    66 %                    
67 %
Expected term (years)                                                                               
                                              2.8                        2.9                        
  2.4
Risk-free interest rate                                                                             
                                              2.5 %                   0.3 %                   0.2 %
Dividend yield                                                                                      
                                                  —                         —                       
  —
Average volatility of peer companies                                                                
                                 72.3 %                 72.0 %                 66.0 %
Average correlation coefficient of peer companies                                                   
                       0.515                  0.4694                    0.4967
Stock Appreciation Rights
The following table summarizes stock appreciation rights activity for Fiscal 2022:

Number of Underlying Shares
Weighted-Average Exercise Price
Aggregate Intrinsic Value
Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life (years)
Outstanding at January 29, 2022                                                               
236,139    $                    32.55
Granted                                                                                             
              —                             —
Exercised                                                                                           
      (4,350)                         22.46
Forfeited or expired                                                                                
(41,200)                         48.06
Outstanding at January 28, 2023                                                                 
190,589    $                  29.43    $                  1,262                               1.7 
Stock appreciation rights exercisable at January 28, 2023                          190,589    $     
             29.43    $                  1,262                               1.7
No stock appreciation rights were exercised during Fiscal 2022 or Fiscal 2020. The grant date fair 
value of awards exercised during Fiscal 2021 follows:
(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                                                                    
  Fiscal 2021
Total grant date fair value of awards exercised                                                     
                                                                         $                  1,069
Refer  to  Note  2,  “SUMMARY  OF  SIGNIFICANT  ACCOUNTING  POLICIES  -  Share-Based  
Compensation,”  for  discussion regarding significant accounting policies related to share-based 
compensation.
Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           69                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents
Abercrombie & Fitch Co.


14. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS

As  of  January  28,  2023,  the  Company  had  outstanding  the  following  foreign  currency  
exchange  forward  contracts  that  were entered into to hedge either a portion, or all, of 
forecasted foreign-currency-denominated intercompany inventory transactions, the resulting 
settlement of the foreign-currency-denominated intercompany accounts receivable, or both:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                                                        Notional  
Amount ⁽¹⁾
Euro                                                                                                
                                                                                            $       
            88,401
British pound                                                                                       
                                                                                                    
         59,514
Canadian dollar                                                                                     
Japanese yen                                                                                        
⁽¹⁾      Amounts reported are the U.S. Dollar notional amounts outstanding as of January 28, 2023.

The fair value of derivative instruments is determined using quoted market prices of the same or 
similar instruments, adjusted for counterparty  risk.  The  location  and  amounts  of  derivative  
fair  values  of  foreign  currency  exchange  forward  contracts  on  the Consolidated Balance 
Sheets as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 were as follows:

(in thousands)                              Location              January 28, 2023     January 29, 
2022    Location          January 28, 2023     January 29, 2022

Derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments
Other current
assets               $                       32    $                 4,973
Accrued
expenses       $                  4,986    $                      —

Refer to Note 4, “FAIR VALUE,” for further discussion of the determination of the fair value of 
derivative instruments. Additional information pertaining to derivative gains or losses from 
foreign currency exchange forward contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments for Fiscal 
2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                               Fiscal 2022         Fiscal 2021         Fiscal 2020
Gain recognized in AOCL ⁽¹⁾                                                                         
                                $            2,844    $          11,987    $            7,619 Gain 
reclassified from AOCL into cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization ⁽²⁾           
     13,781                   1,263                 13,235
⁽¹⁾      Amount represents the change in fair value of derivative instruments.
⁽²⁾      Amount represents gain reclassified from AOCL to cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation 
and amortization, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income when 
the hedged item affected earnings, which was when merchandise was converted to cost of sales, 
exclusive of depreciation and amortization.

Substantially all of the unrealized gains or losses related to foreign currency exchange forward 
contracts designated as cash flow hedging  instruments  as  of  January  28,  2023  will  be  
recognized  within  the  Consolidated  Statements  of  Operations  and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
over the next 12 months.

Additional information pertaining to derivative gains or losses from foreign currency exchange 
forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 
2020 follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                  Fiscal 2022               Fiscal 2021               Fiscal 2020
Gain recognized in other operating income, net                                                      
   $                  1,226    $                  1,205    $                        742
Refer to Note 2, “SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Derivative Instruments,” for 
discussion regarding significant accounting policies related to the Company’s derivative 
instruments.

















Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           70                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



15. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS


For Fiscal 2022, the activity in AOCL was as follows:



(in thousands)




Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment


Fiscal 2022
Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivative Financial
Instruments                             Total
Beginning balance at January 29, 2022                                             $                 
    (120,689)   $                          5,983    $                     (114,706)
Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications                                      
(11,964)                                2,844                                (9,120)
Reclassified gain from AOCL ⁽¹⁾                                                                     
                      —                              (13,781)                            (13,781)
Tax effect                                                                                          
                                   —                                      80                        
Other comprehensive loss after reclassifications                                                    
    (11,964)                            (10,857)                            (22,821) Ending balance 
at January 28, 2023                                                 $                     (132,653) 
  $                         (4,874)   $                     (137,527)
⁽¹⁾     Amount  represents  gain  reclassified  from AOCL to  cost  of  sales,  exclusive  of  
depreciation  and  amortization,  on  the Consolidated  Statements  of Operations and Comprehensive 
(Loss) Income.


For Fiscal 2021, the activity in AOCL was as follows:




(in thousands)



Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment

Fiscal 2021
Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivative Financial
Instruments                             Total
Beginning balance at January 30, 2021                                             $                 
      (97,772)   $                         (4,535)   $                     (102,307)
Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications                                      
(22,917)                              11,987                              (10,930)
Reclassified gain from AOCL ⁽¹⁾                                                                     
                      —                                (1,263)                              (1,263)
Tax effect                                                                                          
                                   —                                   (206)                        
         (206)
Other comprehensive (loss) income after reclassifications                                         
(22,917)                              10,518                              (12,399)
Ending balance at January 29, 2022                                                 $                
     (120,689)   $                          5,983    $                     (114,706)
⁽¹⁾     Amount  represents  gain  reclassified  from AOCL to  cost  of  sales,  exclusive  of  
depreciation  and  amortization,  on  the Consolidated  Statements  of Operations and Comprehensive 
(Loss) Income.


For Fiscal 2020, the activity in AOCL was as follows:



(in thousands)




Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment


Fiscal 2020
Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivative Financial
Instruments                             Total
Beginning balance at February 1, 2020                                             $                 
    (109,967)   $                          1,081    $                     (108,886)
Other comprehensive income before reclassifications                                                 
12,195                                 7,619                               19,814
Reclassified gain from AOCL ⁽¹⁾                                                                     
                      —                              (13,235)                            (13,235)
Tax effect ⁽²⁾                                                                                      
                                   —                                      —                         
             —
Other comprehensive income (loss) after reclassifications                                          
12,195                                (5,616)                                6,579
Ending balance at January 30, 2021                                                 $                
       (97,772)   $                         (4,535)   $                     (102,307)
⁽¹⁾     Amount  represents  gain  reclassified  from AOCL to  cost  of  sales,  exclusive  of  
depreciation  and  amortization,  on  the Consolidated  Statements  of Operations and Comprehensive 
(Loss) Income.
⁽²⁾      No income tax benefit was recognized during Fiscal 2020 due to the establishment of a 
valuation allowance.












Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           71                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



16. SAVINGS AND RETIREMENT PLANS

The Company maintains the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Savings and Retirement Plan, a qualified plan. 
All U.S. associates are eligible to participate in this plan if they are at least 21 years of age. 
In addition, the Company maintains the Abercrombie & Fitch Nonqualified  Savings  and  Supplemental 
 Retirement  Plan,  comprised  of  two  sub-plans  (Plan  I  and  Plan  II).  Plan  I  contains 
contributions  made  through  December  31,  2004,  while  Plan  II  contains  contributions  made  
on  and  after  January  1,  2005. Participation in these plans is based on service and 
compensation. The Company’s contributions to these plans are based on a percentage  of  associates’ 
 eligible  annual  compensation.  The  cost  of  the  Company’s  contributions  to  these  plans  
was  $14.7 million, $15.4 million and $14.1 million for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, 
respectively.

In addition, the Company maintains the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan which provides 
retirement income to its former Chief Executive Officer for life, based on averaged compensation 
before retirement, including base salary and cash incentive compensation.  As  of  January  28,  
2023  and  January  29,  2022,  the  Company  has  recorded  $7.2  million  and  $8.4  million, 
respectively, in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to future 
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan distributions.


17. SEGMENT REPORTING

The  Company’s  two  operating  segments  are  brand-based:  Hollister,  which  includes  the  
Company’s  Hollister,  Gilly  Hicks  and Social  Tourist  brands,  and  Abercrombie,  which  
includes  the  Company’s  Abercrombie  &  Fitch  and  abercrombie  kids  brands. These  operating  
segments  have  similar  economic  characteristics,  classes  of  consumers,  products,  and  
production  and distribution  methods,  operate  in  the  same  regulatory  environments,  and  
have  been  aggregated  into one  reportable  segment. Amounts  shown  below  include  net  sales  
from  wholesale,  franchise  and  licensing  operations,  which  are  not  a  significant component 
of total revenue, and are aggregated within their respective operating segment and geographic area.

The Company’s net sales by operating segment for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 were as 
follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                 Fiscal 2022                Fiscal 2021                Fiscal 2020
Hollister                                                                                           
                          $            1,962,885    $            2,147,979    $            
1,834,349
Abercrombie                                                                                         
                                  1,734,866                  1,564,789                  1,291,035
Total                                                                                               
                           $            3,697,751    $            3,712,768    $            
3,125,384

Net sales by geographic area are presented by attributing revenues to an individual country on the 
basis of the country in which the  merchandise  was  sold  for  in-store  purchases  and  on  the  
basis  of  the  shipping  location  provided  by  customers  for  digital orders. The Company’s net 
sales by geographic area for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 were as follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                 Fiscal 2022                Fiscal 2021                Fiscal 2020
U.S.                                                                                                
                           $            2,758,294    $            2,652,158    $            
2,127,403
EMEA                                                                                                
                                        665,828                     755,072                     
709,451
APAC                                                                                                
                                         122,367                     171,701                     
176,636
Other (1)                                                                                           
                                                                                                    
                                               151,262                     133,837                  
   111,894
Total international                                                                                 
                     $               939,457    $            1,060,610    $               997,981
Total                                                                                               
                           $            3,697,751    $            3,712,768    $            
3,125,384

⁽¹⁾  Other includes all sales that do not fall within the United States, EMEA, or APAC regions, 
which are derived primarily in Canada.


The  Company’s  long-lived  assets  and  intellectual  property,  which  primarily  relates  to  
trademark  assets  associated  with  the Company’s international operations, by geographic area as 
of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 were as follows:

(in thousands)                                                                                      
                                                          January 28, 2023      January 29, 2022
U.S.                                                                                                
                                                             $               910,696    $           
    849,298
EMEA                                                                                                
                                                                           317,712                  
   272,348
APAC                                                                                                
                                                                             49,771                 
      83,830
Other (1)                                                                                           
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
            18,685                       23,599
Total international                                                                                 
                                                       $               386,168    $               
379,777
Total                                                                                               
                                                              $            1,296,864    $           
 1,229,075
⁽¹⁾  Other includes amounts that do not fall within the United States, EMEA, or APAC regions, which 
are derived primarily in Canada.


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           72                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.



18. CONTINGENCIES

The  Company  is  a  defendant  in  lawsuits  and  other  adversarial  proceedings  arising  in  
the  ordinary  course  of  business.  The Company’s legal costs incurred in connection with the 
resolution of claims and lawsuits are generally expensed as incurred, and the Company establishes 
estimated liabilities for the outcome of litigation where losses are deemed probable and the amount 
of loss, or range of loss, is reasonably estimable. The Company also determines estimates of 
reasonably possible losses or ranges of reasonably possible losses in excess of related accrued 
liabilities, if any, when it has determined that a loss is reasonably possible and it is able to 
determine such estimates. Based on currently available information, the Company cannot estimate a 
range of reasonably possible losses in excess of the accrued charges for legal contingencies. In 
addition, the Company has not established  accruals  for  certain  claims  and  legal  proceedings  
pending  against  the  Company  where  it  is  not  possible  to reasonably estimate the outcome or 
potential liability, and the Company cannot estimate a range of reasonably possible losses for 
these legal matters.

Actual liabilities may differ from the amounts recorded, due to uncertainties regarding final 
settlement agreement negotiations, court approvals and the terms of any approval by the courts, and 
there can be no assurance that final resolution of legal matters will not have a material adverse 
effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The Company’s 
assessment of the current exposure could change in the event of the discovery of additional facts.











































Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           73                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Abercrombie & Fitch Co.

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Co. 
 and  its  subsidiaries  (the “Company”)  as  of  January  28,  2023  and  January  29,  2022,  and 
 the  related  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and comprehensive  (loss)  income,  of  
stockholders’  equity  and  of  cash  flows  for  each  of  the  three  years  in  the  period  
ended January 28, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated 
financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial 
reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control  -  Integrated  
Framework  (2013)  issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway  
Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all 
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 
2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three  years  in  the  
period  ended  January  28,  2023  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally  
accepted  in  the  United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all 
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, 
based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for 
maintaining effective internal control over  financial  reporting,  and  for  its  assessment  of  
the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  included  in Management’s 
Annual  Report  on  Internal  Control  over  Financial  Reporting  appearing  under  Item  9A.  Our 
 responsibility  is  to express  opinions  on  the  Company’s  consolidated  financial  statements  
and  on  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial reporting based on our audits. We are a 
public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with 
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that 
we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated 
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether  due  to  error  or  fraud,  and  
whether  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in  all  
material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the 
risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or 
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such  procedures  included  
examining,  on  a  test  basis,  evidence  regarding  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  
consolidated financial  statements.  Our  audits  also  included  evaluating  the  accounting  
principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by management, as well as evaluating the 
overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over 
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial 
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the 
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also 
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We 
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A  company’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  
reasonable  assurance  regarding  the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect 
the transactions and dispositions of  the  assets  of  the  company;  (ii)  provide  reasonable  
assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit preparation  of  financial  
statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  receipts 
 and expenditures  of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  
of  management  and  directors  of  the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding 
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s 
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  
prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also, projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  
future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become  inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.





Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           74                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Critical Audit Matters

The  critical  audit  matter  communicated  below  is  a  matter  arising  from  the  current  
period  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements that was communicated or required to be 
communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are 
material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, 
subjective, or complex  judgments.  The  communication  of  critical  audit  matters  does  not  
alter  in  any  way  our  opinion  on  the  consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, 
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on 
the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets – Stores

As described in Notes 2, 6 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s 
consolidated property and equipment, net balance was $551.6 million and consolidated operating 
lease right-of-use assets balance was $723.6 million as of January 28, 2023. During the year ended 
January 28, 2023, the Company recognized long-lived asset store impairment charges of
$11.0 million. The Company’s long-lived assets, primarily operating lease right-of-use assets, 
leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures  and  equipment,  are  grouped  with  other  assets  
and  liabilities  at  the  store  level,  which  is  the  lowest  level  for  which identifiable 
cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. On at least a 
quarterly basis, management reviews the Company’s asset groups for indicators of impairment, which 
include, but are not limited to, material declines in operational performance, a history of losses, 
an expectation of future losses, adverse market conditions, store closure or relocation decisions, 
and any other events or changes in circumstances that would indicate the carrying amount of an 
asset group might not be recoverable. If an asset group displays an indicator of impairment, it is 
tested for recoverability by comparing the  sum  of  the  estimated  future  undiscounted  cash  
flows  attributable  to  the  asset  group  to  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset group.  This  
recoverability  test  requires  management  to  make  assumptions  and  judgments  related,  but  
not  limited,  to management’s  expectations  for  future  cash  flows  from  operating  the  
store.  The  key  assumption  used  in  developing  these projected  cash  flows  used  in  the  
recoverability  test  is  estimated  sales  growth  rate.  If  the  sum  of  the  estimated  future 
undiscounted cash flows attributable to an asset group is less than its carrying amount, and it is 
determined that the carrying amount of the asset group is not recoverable, management determines if 
there is an impairment loss by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group to its fair value. 
Fair value of an asset group is based on the highest and best use of the asset group, often using a 
discounted cash flow model that utilizes Level 3 fair value inputs. The key assumptions used in the 
Company’s fair value analysis are estimated sales growth rate and comparable market rents. An 
impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over 
its fair value.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the 
impairment of long-lived assets - stores is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant 
judgment by management when developing the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to an asset 
group when testing for recoverability and when determining the fair value of the asset groups to 
measure for impairment; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in 
performing procedures and evaluating management’s  significant  assumptions  related  to  estimated 
 sales  growth  rate  when  developing  the  future  undiscounted  cash flows, and comparable 
market rents when estimating the fair value; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of 
professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

Addressing  the  matter  involved  performing  procedures  and  evaluating  audit  evidence  in  
connection  with  forming  our  overall opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  
These  procedures  included  testing  the  effectiveness  of  controls  relating  to management’s  
long-lived  assets  -  stores  recoverability  test  and  determination  of  the  fair  value  of  
the  asset  groups.  These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management’s process 
for developing the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to an asset group when testing for 
recoverability and when determining the fair value of the asset groups to measure for impairment; 
(ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the models used by management in determining the fair value 
of the asset groups;   (iii)   testing   the   completeness   and   accuracy   of   underlying   
data   used   in   the   models;   and   (iv)   evaluating   the reasonableness of the significant 
assumptions related to estimated sales growth rate when developing the future undiscounted cash  
flows  and  comparable  market  rents  when  estimating  the  fair  value.  Evaluating  
management’s  assumptions  related  to estimated sales growth rate and comparable market rents 
involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering the 
current and past performance of the asset groups, the consistency with evidence obtained in other 
areas of the audit as it relates to estimated sales growth rate, and consistency with external 
market data as it relates to estimated  sales  growth  rate  and  comparable  market  rents.  
Professionals  with  specialized  skill  and  knowledge  were  used  to assist in evaluating of the 
reasonableness of the comparable market rents significant assumption.



/s/  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Columbus, Ohio
March 27, 2023

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1996.




Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           75                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.


Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

A&F maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) that are designed to provide 
reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that A&F files or 
submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time 
periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and 
communicated to A&F’s management, including A&F’s Principal Executive Officer and A&F’s Principal 
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer,  as  appropriate,  to  allow  timely  decisions 
 regarding  required  disclosure.  Because  of  inherent  limitations,  disclosure controls and 
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not 
absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met.

A&F’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer of A&F (who serves as Principal Executive 
Officer of A&F) and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of A&F (who serves as 
Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer  of A&F),  evaluated  the  
effectiveness  of A&F’s  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  as  of January  28,  2023. The  
Chief Executive  Officer  of  A&F  (in  such  individual’s  capacity  as  the  Principal  Executive 
 Officer  of  A&F)  and  the  Executive  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of A&F (in such 
individual’s capacity as the Principal Financial Officer of A&F) concluded that A&F’s disclosure 
controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level of assurance as of January 28, 2023, 
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


MANAGEMENT’S   ANNUAL   REPORT   ON   INTERNAL   CONTROL   OVER   FINANCIAL REPORTING
The management of A&F is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control 
over financial reporting. A&F’s internal  control  over  financial  reporting  (as  defined  in  
Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  under  the  Exchange  Act)  is  a  process designed  to  provide  
reasonable  assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation 
 of  financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles.

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  
prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluations of effectiveness to 
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in 
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer of A&F and the Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer of A&F, management evaluated the effectiveness of A&F’s internal control 
over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023 using criteria established in the Internal Control 
- Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission (“COSO”). Based on the assessment of A&F’s internal control over financial reporting, 
under the criteria described  in  the  preceding  sentence,  management  has  concluded  that,  as  
of  January  28,  2023, A&F’s  internal  control  over financial reporting was effective.

The   effectiveness   of   A&F’s   internal   control   over   financial   reporting   as   of   
January   28,   2023   has   been   audited   by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent 
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in “ITEM 8. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There were no changes in A&F’s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended 
January 28, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, 
A&F’s internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B.   Other Information

None.


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           76                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Item   9C.   Disclosure   Regarding   Foreign   Jurisdictions   that   Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

























































Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           77                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
DIRECTORS,   EXECUTIVE   OFFICERS   AND   PERSONS   NOMINATED   OR   CHOSEN   TO BECOME DIRECTORS 
OR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Information concerning directors will be included under the caption “Proposal 1 — Election of 
Directors” in A&F’s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 
“2023 Proxy Statement”) and is incorporated by reference herein. Information concerning executive 
officers is included under the caption “INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS” within “ITEM 1. 
BUSINESS” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT
Information  concerning  beneficial  ownership  reporting  compliance  under  Section  16(a)  of  
the  Exchange Act  will  be  included under  the  caption  “Ownership  of  our  Shares  —  
Delinquent  Section  16(a)  Reports”  in  the  2023  Proxy  Statement  and  is incorporated by 
reference herein.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

The Board of Directors has adopted the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, 
which applies to all associates and directors worldwide and incorporates an additional Code of 
Ethics applicable to our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, and other designated 
financial associates. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the “Corporate 
Governance” page of the Company’s corporate website at corporate.abercrombie.com.

AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE

Information concerning the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Audit and 
Finance Committee”) will be included under the captions “Corporate Governance — Committees of the 
Board and Meeting Attendance — Committees of the Board” and “Audit and Finance Committee Matters” 
in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein.

PROCEDURES BY WHICH STOCKHOLDERS MAY RECOMMEND NOMINEES TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Information concerning changes in the procedures by which stockholders of A&F may recommend 
nominees to the Board of Directors will be included under the captions “Corporate Governance — 
Director Nominations — Stockholder Recommendations for  Director  Candidates,”  “Corporate  
Governance  —  Director  Qualifications  and  Consideration  of  Director  Candidates,” 
“Stockholder Proposals for 2023 Annual Meeting” and “Additional Information About Our Annual 
Meeting and Voting — How do I nominate  a  director  using  the  ‘Proxy Access’ provisions  under  
the  Company’s  Bylaws?”  in  the 2023  Proxy  Statement  and  is incorporated by reference herein.




















Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           78                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents


Item 11. Executive Compensation

Information regarding executive compensation will be included under the captions   “Corporate 
Governance   — Board Role in Risk  Oversight,”  “Compensation  of  Directors,”  “Compensation  
Discussion  and  Analysis,”  “Report  of  the  Compensation  and Human Capital Committee on 
Executive Compensation,” and “Executive Compensation Tables” in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is 
incorporated by reference herein.

Item   12.   Security   Ownership   of   Certain   Beneficial   Owners   and Management and Related 
Stockholder Matters

Information concerning the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will be 
included under the caption “Ownership of Our Shares” in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is 
incorporated by reference herein.

Information regarding Common Stock authorized for issuance under A&F’s equity compensation plans 
will be included under the caption “Equity Compensation Plans” in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is 
incorporated by reference herein.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Information  concerning  relationships  and  transactions  with  related  persons  will  be  
included  under  the  caption  “Corporate Governance — Director Independence and Related Person 
Transactions” in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein.

Information concerning director independence will be included under the captions “Corporate 
Governance — Board Leadership Structure,”  “Corporate  Governance  —  Committees  of  the  Board  
and  Meeting  Attendance,”  and  “Corporate  Governance  — Director Independence and Related Person 
Transactions” in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Information concerning pre-approval policies and procedures of the Audit and Finance Committee and 
fees for services rendered by the Company’s principal independent registered public accounting firm 
will be included under the caption “Audit and Finance Committee Matters — Audit Fees” in the 2023 
Proxy Statement and ins incorporated by reference herein.
























Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           79                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

(1) Consolidated Financial Statements:

Consolidated  Statements  of  Operations  and  Comprehensive  (Loss)  Income  for  the  fiscal  
years  ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021.

Consolidated Balance Sheets at January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022.

Consolidated  Statements  of  Stockholders’ Equity  for  the  fiscal  years  ended January  28,  
2023,  January  29, 2022 and January 30, 2021.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 
and January 30, 2021.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm — PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. (PCAOB ID 
238)

(2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules:

All financial statement schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting 
regulations of the SEC are omitted because the required information is either not applicable or not 
material.

(3) Exhibits:

The documents listed in the Index to Exhibits that immediately precedes the Signatures page of this 
Annual Report on Form  10-K  are  filed  or  furnished  with  this Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  
as  exhibits  or  incorporated  into  this Annual Report  on  Form  10-K  by  reference  as  noted. 
 Each  management  contract  or  compensatory  plan  or  arrangement  is identified as such in the 
Index to Exhibits.

(b) The documents listed in the Index to Exhibits that immediately precedes the Signatures page of 
this Annual Report on Form  10-K  are  filed  or  furnished  with  this Annual  Report  on  Form  
10-K  as  exhibits  or  incorporated  into  this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.

(c) Financial Statement Schedules None

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

None.

















Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           80                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Index to Exhibits

Exhibit          Document
3.1                Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of A&F, reflecting amendments 
through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  
Exhibit  3.2  to A&F’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended July  
30,  2011  (File  No.  001-12107).  [This  document  represents  the  Amended  and  Restated  
Certificate  of  Incorporation  of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. in compiled form incorporating all 
amendments.]
3.2                Amended and Restated Bylaws of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. reflecting amendments 
through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
3.1 to A&F's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed November 22, 2022 (File No. 001-12107). 
[This document represents the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. in compiled 
form incorporating all amendments.]
4.1                Agreement to furnish instruments and agreements defining rights of holders of 
long-term debt.
4.2                Description of Abercrombie & Fitch Co.’s Securities Registered under Section 12 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
4.3                Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2020, by and among Abercrombie & Fitch Management 
Co., Abercrombie & Fitch Co., as Parent, the other  Guarantors  party  thereto  and  U.S.  Bank  
National Association,  as  Trustee,  Registrar,  Paying Agent,  and  Notes  Collateral Agent, 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed 
on July 9, 2020 (File No. 001-12107).
4.4                Form of 8.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.3), 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 (which is in turn included in Exhibit 4.1) to A&F’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on July 9, 2020 (File No. 001-12107).
4.5                Intercreditor Agreement,  dated  as  of  July  2,  2020,  among  Wells  Fargo  
Bank,  National Association,  as ABL Agent,  U.S.  Bank National Association, as First Lien Notes 
Collateral Agent, and each other Additional Notes Agent from time to time party thereto, 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to A&F’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended January 30, 2021 (File No. 001-12107).
10.1*            1998 Restatement of the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 1996 Stock Plan for Non-Associate 
Directors, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to A&F’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the fiscal year ended February 1, 2003 (File No. 001-12107).
10.2*            Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, entered into as of August 15, 2005, by 
and between A&F and Michael S. Jeffries, including  (as  Exhibit  A  thereto)  the  Abercrombie  &  
Fitch  Co.  Supplemental  Executive  Retirement  Plan  (Michael  S.  Jeffries), effective February 
2, 2003, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated 
and filed August  26,  2005  (File  No.  001-12107).  [NOTE:  Only  the  Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Co. 
 Supplemental  Executive  Retirement  Plan (Michael S. Jeffries) is still in effect.]
10.3*            Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan (Plan I) (prior to 
January 1, 2005, known as the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan), as 
amended and restated May 22, 2003, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to A&F’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 3, 2003 (File No. 001-12107).
10.4*            Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Co.  Directors’  Deferred  Compensation  Plan  (Plan  II),  
effective  January  1,  2005,  incorporated  herein  by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to A&F’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2009 (File No. 001-12107).
10.5*            Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Co.  Nonqualified  Savings  and  Supplemental  Retirement  
Plan  I  (prior  to  January  1,  2009,  known  as  the Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Nonqualified  
Savings  and  Supplemental  Retirement  Plan),  as  amended  and  restated  effective  January  1, 
2001, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to A&F’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
fiscal year ended February 1, 2003 (File No. 001-12107).
10.6*            First Amendment to the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and 
Supplemental Retirement Plan (Plan I) (January 1, 2001 Restatement), effective as of January 1, 
2009, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to A&F’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for 
the quarterly period ended August 2, 2008 (File No. 001-12107).
10.7*            Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement Plan 
(Plan II), as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2014, incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.3 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed October 19, 2015 
(File No. 001-12107).
10.8*            First Amendment to the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and 
Supplemental Retirement Plan (Plan II), dated as of October 14, 2015, incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.4 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed October 19, 2015 
(File No. 001-12107).
10.9*            Second Amendment to the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and 
Supplemental Retirement Plan (Plan II), dated as of December 16, 2019, incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.33 to A&F's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 
1, 2020 (File No. 001-12107).
10.10*          Trust Agreement, made as of October 16, 2006, between A&F and Wilmington Trust 
Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated 
and filed October 17, 2006 (File No. 001-12107).
10.11            Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2021, among 
Abercrombie & Fitch Management Co., as Lead Borrower; the other Borrowers and Guarantors party 
thereto; Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the  lenders,  a  L/C  
Issuer  and  Swing  Line  Lender;  the  other  lenders  party  thereto;  Citizens  Business  
Capital,  as  a  L/C  Issuer; Citizens Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
as Documentation Agent and a L/C Issuer; and Wells Fargo  Bank,  National  Association,  Citizens  
Bank,  N.A.  and  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.,  as  Joint  Lead  Arrangers  and  Joint 
Bookrunners, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to A&F’s Quarterly Report on Form 10 
Q for the quarterly period ended May 1, 2021 (File No. 001 12107).†
10.12            First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to 
Security Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2023, among Abercrombie & Fitch Management Co., as Lead 
Borrower; the other Borrowers and Guarantors party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National 
Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders
10.13            Guaranty,  dated  as  of  August  7,  2014,  made  by  Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Co., 
 as  guarantor,  and  certain  of  its  wholly-owned subsidiaries, each as a guarantor, in favor of 
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent for its own 
benefit and the benefit of the other Credit Parties, and the Credit Parties, incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.5 to A&F’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 
August 2, 2014 (File No. 001-12107).
10.14            Security Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2014, made by Abercrombie & Fitch 
Management Co., as lead borrower for itself and the  other  Borrowers, Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Co.  
and  certain  of  its  wholly-owned  subsidiaries,  in  their  respective  capacities  as  a 
guarantor,  and  the  other  borrowers  and  guarantors  from  time  to  time  party  thereto,  in  
favor  of  Wells  Fargo  Bank,  National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent 
for the Credit Parties, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to A&F’s Quarterly Report 
on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 2, 2014 (File No. 001-12107).††



Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           81                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

10.15*          Confirmation, Ratification and Amendment of Ancillary Loan Documents, made as of 
April 29, 2021, among Abercrombie & Fitch Co., for itself and as Lead Borrower; the other Borrowers 
from time to time party thereto; the Guarantors from time to time party thereto; and Wells Fargo 
Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent , incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.19 to A&F’s Annual Report on 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 
2022 (File No. 001-12107).†
10.16*          Retirement Agreement, dated December 8, 2014, between Michael S. Jeffries and A&F, 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and 
filed December 9, 2014 (File No. 001-12107).
10.17*          Employment Offer, dated October 8, 2014, between Fran Horowitz and A&F, 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and 
filed October 15, 2014 (File No. 001-12107).
10.18*          Letter, dated December 16, 2015, between A&F Management and Fran Horowitz setting 
forth terms of employment as President and Chief Merchandising Officer, incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.74 to A&F’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 
30, 2016 (File No. 001-12107).
10.19*          Form  of  Agreement  entered  into  between  A&F  Management  and  Fran  Horowitz  
as  of  May  10,  2017,  incorporated  herein  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Current Report 
on Form 8-K dated and filed May 12, 2017 (File No. 001-12107).
10.20*          Non-Compete  Amendment  entered  into  between  A&F  Management  and  Fran  
Horowitz  as  of  November  5,  2021  (including  a schedule identifying executive officers of A&F 
party to substantially identical Non-Compete Agreements with A&F Management, incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 
October 30, 2021 (File No. 001-12107).
10.21*          Employment Offer, dated May 6, 2016, between Kristin Scott and A&F, incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed May 23, 
2016 (File No. 001-12107).
10.22*          Form of Agreement entered into between A&F Management and Kristin Scott as of May 
10, 2017, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K 
dated and filed May 12, 2017 (File No. 001-12107).
10.23*          Employment Offer, dated August 17, 2017, between Scott Lipesky and A&F, 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and 
filed September 6, 2017 (File No. 001-12107).
10.24*          Form of Agreement entered into between A&F Management and Scott Lipesky as of 
September 7, 2017, incorporated herein by reference  to  Exhibit  10.2  to A&F's  Quarterly  Report 
 on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended  October  28,  2017  (File  No. 001-12107).
10.25*          Employment Offer, dated August 24, 2018, between Gregory J. Henchel and A&F, 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarterly period ended November 3, 2018 (File No. 001-12107).
10.26*          Agreement entered into between A&F Management and Gregory J. Henchel as of 
September 13, 2018, incorporated herein by reference  to  Exhibit  10.2  to A&F's  Quarterly  
Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended  November  3,  2018  (File  No. 
001-12107).
10.27*          Form  of  Retention  Restricted  Stock  Unit Award Agreement,  effective  as  of 
August  28,  2020,  between A&F  and  each  of  Scott Lipesky, Kristin Scott and Gregory J. 
Henchel, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K 
dated and filed on September 2, 2020 (File No. 001-12107).
10.28*          Employment  Offer,  dated  May  20,  2021,  between  Samir  Desai  and A&F  
(including,  as  Exhibit A,  the Agreement  entered  into between A&F  Management  and  Samir  
Desai  as  of  May  20,  2021),  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.2  to A&F’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 31, 2021 (File No. 001-12107).
10.29*          Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement, incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.3 to A&F's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended 
April 29, 2017 (File No. 001-12107).
10.30*          Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed June 17, 2005 (File 
No. 001-12107).
10.31*          Certificate regarding Approval of Amendment of Section 3(b) of the Abercrombie & 
Fitch Co. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan by Board of Directors of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. on August 
20, 2014, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to A&F’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
for the quarterly period ended July 30, 2016 (File No. 001-12107).
10.32*          Amended and Restated Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan, 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and 
filed June 17, 2011 (File No. 001-12107).
10.33*          Certificate regarding Approval of Amendment of Section 3(b) of the Abercrombie & 
Fitch Co. Amended and Restated 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan by Board of Directors of Abercrombie 
& Fitch Co. on August 20, 2014, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to A&F’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 30, 2016 (File No. 001-12107).
10.34*          Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement used for grants of awards after March 
26, 2013 and prior to August 20, 2013 under the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 2005 Long-Term Incentive 
Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated 
and filed April 29, 2013 (File No. 001-12107).
10.35*          Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement used for grants of awards after 
August 20, 2013 and prior to June 16, 2016 under  the Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Co.  2005  Long-Term  
Incentive  Plan,  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.9  to A&F’s Quarterly Report 
on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 2, 2013 (File No. 001-12107).
10.36*          Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement used for grants of awards after 
August 20, 2013 and prior to June 16, 2016 under the Amended and Restated Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 
2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A&F’s Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 2, 2013 (File No. 001-12107).
10.37*          Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates (as amended on 
June 8, 2022), incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K 
dated and filed on June 9, 2022 (File No. 001-12107).
10.38*          Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of 
restricted stock units to associates (employees) of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. and its subsidiaries 
under the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on and after March 
26, 2019 and prior to March 7, 2023, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 2, 2020 (File No. 001-12107).
10.39*          Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of 
restricted stock units to associates (employees) of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. and its subsidiaries 
under the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on and after March 
7, 2023.
10.40*          Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of 
restricted stock units to non-associate directors of A&F under the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 2016 
Long-Term Incentive Plan for Directors on and after June 16, 2016, incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 10.10 to A&F’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 30, 
2016 (File No. 001-12107).
10.41*          Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of 
restricted stock units to non-associate chairperson of the board of A&F under the Abercrombie & 
Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Directors on and after June 16, 2016.

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           82                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

10.42*          Form of Performance Share Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of performance 
shares to associates (employees) of A&F and its subsidiaries under the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 2016 
Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on or after August 28, 2020 and prior to March 23, 2021, 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarterly period ended October 31, 2020 (File No. 001-12107).
10.43*          Form of Performance Share Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of performance 
share awards to associates (employees) of A&F and its subsidiaries under the Abercrombie & Fitch 
Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on or after March 23, 2021 and prior to March 24, 
2022, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A&F’s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for 
the quarterly period ended May 1, 2021 (File No. 001-12107).
10.44*          Form of Performance Share Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of performance 
share awards to associates (employees) of A&F and its subsidiaries under the Abercrombie & Fitch 
Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on or after March 24, 2022 and prior to March 7, 
2023, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F’s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for 
the quarterly period ended April 30, 2022 (File No. 001-12107).
10.45*          Form of Performance Share Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of performance 
share awards to associates (employees) of A&F and its subsidiaries under the Abercrombie & Fitch 
Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on or after March 7, 2023.
10.46*          Amended  and  Restated  Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Co.  Short-Term  Cash  Incentive  
Compensation  Performance  Plan,  incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A&F's Current 
Report on Form 8-K dated and filed March 24, 2021 (File No. 001-12107).
10.47*          Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Long-Term Cash Incentive Compensation Performance Plan, 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A&F's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and 
filed June 15, 2017 (File No. 001-12107).
10.48            Abercrombie  &  Fitch  Co. Associate  Stock  Purchase  Plan  (October  1,  2007  
Restatement,  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to Exhibit 10.6 to A&F's Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 28, 2017 (File No. 001-12107)
21.1              List of Subsidiaries of A&F.
23.1              Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm — PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP.
24.1              Powers of Attorney.
31.1              Certifications  by  Chief  Executive  Officer  (Principal  Executive  Officer)  
pursuant  to  Rule  13a-14(a)  or  Rule  15d-14(a)  under  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2              Certifications by Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal 
Financial Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1              Certifications  by  Chief  Executive  Officer  (Principal  Executive  Officer)  
and  Executive  Vice  President  and  Chief  Financial  Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002.**
101.INS        Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the 
Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

101.SCH      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101.CAL       Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF      Inline 
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB       Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension 
Label Linkbase Document.
101.PRE      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.
104               Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable 
taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101).

*      Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit 
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) and Item 15(b) of this Annual Report 
on Form 10-K.
**      These certifications are furnished.
†       Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of 
Regulation S-K.
††     Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted based upon a request for confidential 
treatment filed with the SEC. The non-public information has been separately filed with the SEC in 
connection with that request.



















Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           83                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the 
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto 
duly authorized.

ABERCROMBIE & FITCH CO.
Date: March 27, 2023                                                            By:  /s/     Scott 
D. Lipesky Scott D. Lipesky
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal  Financial  Officer,  Principal  Accounting  Officer  and Authorized Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed 
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 
27, 2023.

*
Nigel Travis                                   Chairperson of the Board and Director
/s/     Fran Horowitz
Fran Horowitz                                Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal 
Executive Officer)
*
Kerrii B. Anderson                         Director
*
Terry L. Burman                             Director
*
Susie Coulter                                 Director
*
Sarah M. Gallagher                       Director
*
James A. Goldman                        Director
*
Michael E. Greenlees                    Director

/s/     Scott D. Lipesky
Scott D. Lipesky                            Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
*
Helen E. McCluskey                      Director
*
Kenneth B. Robinson                    Director
*
Helen Vaid                                     Director
*

*             The undersigned, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K on behalf of each of the above-named directors of the Registrant pursuant to powers of 
attorney executed by such directors, which powers of attorney are filed with this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K as Exhibit 24.1.
By:    /s/     Scott D. Lipesky Scott D. Lipesky Attorney-in-fact





Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                           84                
                                                        2022 Form 10-K

2022 ANNUAL REPORT


CORPORATE INFORMATION


CORPORATE INFORMATION

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
6301 Fitch Path
New Albany, Ohio 43054 (614) 283-6500
corporate.abercrombie.com


STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING

New York Stock Exchange, Trading Symbol “ANF”


ANNUAL MEETING

The Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled for 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on June 8, 2023, will be 
held as a virtual meeting of stockholders, to be conducted exclusively online via live webcast at:

www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ANF2023.


STOCK TRANSFER AGENT, REGISTRAR AND DIVIDEND AGENT

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC 6201 15th Avenue
Brooklyn, New York 11219


INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Columbus, Ohio


INVESTOR RELATIONS
For further information about Abercrombie & Fitch Co. or additional copies of this report, contact: 
Investor Relations
Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
P.O. Box 182168 Columbus, Ohio 43218

Investor_Relations@anfcorp.com


MEDIA RELATIONS

Media Relations Public_Relations@anfcorp.com (614) 283-6192



Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                        7                    
                                         2022 Annual Report

2022 ANNUAL REPORT


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
& BOARD OF DIRECTORS



FRAN HOROWITZ Chief Executive Officer

KRISTIN SCOTT President, Global Brands

SCOTT LIPESKY Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

SAMIR DESAI Executive Vice President, Chief Digital and Technology Officer

GREG HENCHEL Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary




NIGEL TRAVIS Chairperson of the Board; Chair of the Executive Committee

KERRII B. ANDERSON Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee; member of the Nominating and Board 
Governance Committee

TERRY L. BURMAN

SUSIE COULTER Chair of the ESG Committee

SARAH M. GALLAGHER Member of the Nominating and Board Governance Committee; member of the ESG 
Committee

MICHAEL E. GREENLEES Member of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee

JAMES A. GOLDMAN Chair of the Nominating and Board Governance Committee; member of the Compensation 
and Human Capital Committee

FRAN HOROWITZ Chief Executive Officer; member of the Executive Committee of the Board

HELEN MCCLUSKEY Chair of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee; member of the Audit and 
Finance Committee

KENNETH B. ROBINSON Member of the Audit and Finance Committee; member of the ESG Committee

HELEN VAID








Abercrombie & Fitch Co.                                                        8                    
                                         2022 Annual Report
























































Abercrombie & Fitch Co.

Abercrombie s    Finch
abercrombie
kids
GILLY HICKS
